Joe clenched his fist and bowed his head.
In fact, he's right.
I am a fool, even will believe the love on the Internet.
She ticked her lips, took a deep breath, and was about to put her phone down, but weChat was blown open.
She nodded in and found it was a cold powder group, and everyone was on her.
Joe: What's the matter?
Chuan-flowing: Joe love, quickly look at the micro-blogging headlines! Weibo headlines?
She took a slight look, picked up the phone, landed on the micro-blog, when she saw the headlines, the whole person suddenly choked!
The show's release. Shen Liangchuan was invited to appear, the director immediately greeted him with respect, politely said this to him, expressed his gratitude for his arrival.
Shen Liangchuan did not speak, look not far from Wang Wenhao.
After Wang Wenhao's accident, all the works were off the shelves, and this play can also be broadcast, because Wang Wenhao in the friendship played by the male no. 3 play is very few, almost negligible.
The crew did not invite Wang Wenhao, but he did not know where to get the invitation, his own entrance. Of course he's coming in.
This is his last chance.
The scandal broke, and almost all advertisers and crews broke his contract with him.
He would rather shoot the men's number three now than be silent about it.
Because of his affairs, there is no pressure.
So Wang Wenhao at the press conference, everywhere to please others.
Shen Liangchuan wearing a dark gray suit, cold-faced, hand with a high-footed champagne glass, standing next to the table, the whole person appears extra or less handsome, but also extraordinarily cold, so that people around are afraid to come forward. He is a man, is a world.
But if you can notice him, you will find his sight, but always if there is nothing floating to Wang Wenhao body.
Songcheng stood by his side, aware of this, can not help but pull his arm.
Shen Liangchuan faint lying back, looked at him, blind inquiry.
"Shen brother, what the hell are you doing? Can you tell me so that I have a mental preparation. You suddenly ran over to attend the launch of such a small group, and said nothing so, I panicked. "
Shen Said, took a sip of champagne, and then put the champagne glass down.
Immediately, he took a slender step.
Songcheng's heart was raised and followed immediately behind him. Shen Liangchuan step by step forward, walked forward.
Wang Wenhao is with other third-rate star-studded sets, the man asked, "I heard you hit a paparazzi?" "
"Yeah, the paparazzi are disgusting now, I've wanted to teach them! "You're not afraid to feud with them, " he said. 
"I'm all there, what am I afraid of?" At the beginning Shen Shadow Emperor to self-defense as an excuse, a paparazzi hit, to the court to go to the court is not it?
Wang Wenhao said here, hey hey smile. Want to say something, suddenly realized that someone behind him is close.
He looked back, he saw Shen Liangchuan, eyes shrink, licking his face and smiling, but saw Shen Liangchuan a step forward, a holding his collar, and then a fist to his face hit!
In the dark room, the man lying on the sofa turned over and turned over again.
Finally, Joe jumped off the sofa.
Open the door, the cat body, step by step downstairs, to make sure that the living room no one, Joe love this is a relief, quickly flashed into the kitchen.
Open the refrigerator, pick up a piece of bread, relish eating two mouthfuls, suddenly heard the sound of the vehicle outside. She moved, and the whole person tightened up.
Shen Liangchuan is back?
The thought of today's in the play group, she felt nervous, panicked to close the refrigerator, want to rush to the bedroom, but the living room but poured out a group of people, Joe love this next run up again, it is too sudden, she simply stood at the kitchen door, looking out.
The door was opened, and Shen Liangchuan strode in and brought in a cool.
The housekeeper hurried up, "Sir, are you back?" 
Shen Took a nod, took off his coat and handed it to the servant, slightly looking up: "What's wrong with her?" 
The housekeeper's words were coldly interrupted by Shen Liangchuan: "Don't call her wife." 
In a word, let the living room suddenly become quiet.
Joe fell in love with his mouth.
Don't call your wife?
This dissonated tone made her couldn't help but walk out of the kitchen, "Butler, you can call me love." 
The atmosphere in the room was even more awkward.
Halfway through that, I can't say any more.
Because Shen's eyes had fallen on the slices of bread in her hand, and on the crumbs in the corners of her mouth.
Originally thought that after today's events, she will be depressed, pain not want to live, but at this moment ... Where does she look a little bad?
Shen Cold Chuan's indifferent face, become more cool thin, there is a kind of anger, scattered.
Her face is ruddy, let him look bad, just intended to speak, but suddenly found what, suddenly step by step, forced Joe love.
Joe love has not yet reacted, the chin was clamped by his big hand, spin, his cold opening: "Face, who hit?"
Who did? Of course it's your rotten peach blossoms!
But what about telling him? He'll avenge her!
She hesitated for a few seconds, fell into Shen's eyes, and changed her taste.
He suddenly loosened her chin, taunting the opening: "Are you going to say, yang Lingsi hit?" 
The tone... Well, that rich discontent, are about to overflow!
"Don't care about me? So, is this going backwards? Want me to avenge you? "
Shen Liangchuan showed a sarcastic look.
Shen Liangchuan turned to the housekeeper, the voice of the stern opening: "Li Wei, you are old, eyes are not good, be careful not to be used again." 
Being used?
Does this person mean himself?
"Miss Joe, Tell you, these little tricks for women are useless to me!" "
When that fell, he turned straight up, and "banged" the door.
Joe Love: ... So, let's not let people talk?
She finished this sentence, and fierce Baba's opening: "Give you half an hour, if half an hour later does not appear, the princess will not wait!"
The remark was a joke, but the person opposite was silent.
This blessed look, let her heart panic, can not help but open again: "Zichuan?" Why don't you talk? "
This sentence falls, the opposite person finally opened, "ten more minutes, I will be here."
Joe's love heart, all of a sudden sweet up.
Originally, not their own very anxious, he wants to see himself, is also very anxious ah, so, will be more than an hour ahead of schedule.
She hung up the phone, with her hands dragging her chin, and her eyes fixed on the door.
At that time, Starbucks, there are not too many people, less than ten people, in and out of the fewer people.
So, As soon as I can come in, I should see her.
Thinking of it, she suddenly felt very nervous, there is a feeling of near-home timidity.
"Tweezers, you see, will you?"
Song Yuanxi's question, once again interrupted her memories, let Joe love back to God, staring at her.
She looks beautiful in the dress she just matched.
She nodded, "Very good!"
Song Yuan Hitton on the shy smile, she looked at Xia Yehua again, "auntie ... What do you think? "
Xia Yehua cold snort, let Song Yuanxi bowed his head, like a child who did something wrong, Xia Yehua saw her this way, stood up and walked past, gave her a bit of a loose hair, "The original, you must remember to protect yourself, you know?" Also, if the other person does not meet your idea, don't be sad, you know? "
Song Yuanxi eyes a bright, a hard nod, "I remember, aunt!"
Then looked down at the time, "I asked each other at ten o'clock in a nearby Starbucks coffee shop to see, now the time is almost, I left first!"
At this point, I was happy to run out, from Shen Liangchuan in front of the passing, embarrassed to bow down the head, "Cool River brother, I went."
Joe love to look at Shen Liangchuan, found that his present light is particularly complex, eyes did not stare at Song Yuanxi, but looking at themselves.
Inexplicably picked up the eyebrows, and saw him faintly open, "Well. "
Song Yuanxi also did not care, directly ran out, after a while, there is a driver to drive her out.
Joe love to stand up, looked at Xia Yehua's long neck, suddenly opened: "Mom, if you do not rest assured, I will go to see."
Xia Ye Huali immediately nodded, "Alas, you go to see, no one staring, my heart seven on eight."
Joe nodded and stood up and walked away.
Just walked into the yard, suddenly felt someone behind her near, she looked back, saw Shen Liangchuan standing behind her, and then over her, start the car, "get on the bus."
Joe love a moment, this only reflected, Shen Liangchuan is to send her.
She got in the car, the car started, and they drove toward the nearby Starbucks cafe.
After arriving, the car parked on the side of the road, through the glass window, you can see Song Yuanxi nervously sitting in the window position.
I hope this person is coming, is a good man.
She believes that Song Yuanxi, like her, will not care about the beauty of this person.
Time crossed one minute, and she stared quietly ahead.
After a long time, this only realized that there was a look next to her, looking at her.
She turned her head and gave a slight look at the cool eyes of the cool river.
The man's eyes are that kind of complex, let people not see the end of the expression, with a look of examination, let her feel this man, like want to read her ideas.
The quietness in the car was really embarrassing.
She couldn't help but open her mouth to break the silence: "You said, the original hope to see this person, how?"
Shen Liangchuan looked at her, heard what she said, and hung his head down, "How do I know."
Can the topic continue?
She looked ahead again, "the person who hopes to come is a beautiful young man, after all, every woman has a Prince Charming dream!"
A word fell, Shen Liangchuan looked at her again: "Flower silly."
That poison tongue and the appearance of rejection, let her suddenly think of Zichuan.
I don't know why, she's been reminded of two people together for some time now.
Because these two people, really in some ways, are too much like.
She was in the gods, and saw Shen's impatient turn, suddenly the light sank, opening: "Come."
Joe love to look past his eyes, eyes immediately bright: "Really come ah!"
The man who arrived, looks still ordinary, with a pair of glasses, far away, so they can not see each other's appearance, can wear neat, look still reliable.
Song Yuanxi's face was red, somewhat reserved to shake each other's hands, and then two people sat down.
They chatted in the coffee shop, and Joe fell in love with Shen Liangchuan in the car, looking away.
The man was very active, said something, Song Yuanxi suddenly laughed.
Then she bowed her head shyly and touched her hair.
Men's bodies lean forward, this look, obviously very interested in Song Yuanxi, Song Yuanxi is more shy, that the desire is also shy look, is a man saw, will give birth to protection?
Joe stared ahead, and saw the man reach out again, and called the waiter.
They ordered a few pastries and chatted while eating.
The man seems to take care of Song Yuanxi, very enthusiastic initiative, even if so far away, can feel his speech must also be humorous.
Visually looked at the man just the height, it seems, with the original Xi almost, is not a little too short?
However, one cannot be seen by appearance.
At least this man looks polite and reliable, not the kind of slippery boy.
Joe love drooping eyes, feel That Song Yuanxi's luck, than she is really too much better.
She was... It's also silly to wait there.
Five minutes away from The Good Time, she answered a call.
The phone is just a little sister hush cold ask warm voice, with each other poor a few words, remember hanging the coming Zichuan, she soon found a reason to hang up the phone, and then to see the time, he should have arrived?
Joe love in the room to sleep a night, the next morning, get up to wash to the mirror looked, found that the face has been swollen, but still vaguely a little red.
She couldn't help but take a little anger, this slap, absolutely not white!
Dressed neatly, downstairs, the housekeeper shouted at her: "Too... Miss Joe, have breakfast and go out. "
Joe love is really hungry, casually put the mobile phone on the living room sofa, walk past, just intended to eat, saw Shen Liangchuan walking down from the outside.
He should have just finished working out, at the moment with a towel is wiping sweat, wearing sportswear, white sports shoes, can get out of the cool drag feeling, still faceless, look at her, directly upstairs.
Joe love to look at his back, think this person is really cold, put aside, eat enough to drink enough, the mood only become sour.
She walked out of the bag, suddenly remembered what, turned to look, from the coffee table to pick up the mobile phone into the bag, this rushed out to work.
As soon as she left, the servant came over to clean up, put her cell phone on the sofa, and put it on the coffee table.
After a while, Shen Liangchuan changed his clothes, came down from the stairs, picked up the cell phone on the coffee table, carried it in his pocket, and went out.
The agent and the assistant have been waiting in the babysitter car, he got on the car, the assistant carefully opened: "Shen brother, I have said hello to the security guard, there will be no reporters in front of your door again!"
Shen Liangchuan can't be indispensable "hmm" a cry, pick up the script, the car will be completely quiet.
Although it was a guest appearance for the "First Love" crew, only a few plays, but he was as serious as ever.
Shen Liangchuan in this play, plays a big chaebol chairman, the actor in the play in the early stages of the start-up, want to cooperate with them, but Shen Liangchuan did not give him a chance.
Helplessly, the female owner Yang Lingsi in order to love to stand up, do not die half way to stop the car, only finally to the male master ushered in a turnaround. Today, what they're going to shoot is the play.
In the group. The director gave Shen Liangchuan a play, "Shen teacher, you drive here a moment to brake on the line, the speed does not need to be too fast, far lens we use a stand-in to shoot on the line."
"The 56th Game 34 - action! "
Shen, driving a black Lamborghini, looked up and looked down, then saw Yang Lingsi, standing in the distance.
In his mind, suddenly flashed the palm print on the small porcelain white face. His eyebrows a cold, to the designated position, should have been on the brake foot, but pressed the accelerator!
The car suddenly accelerated and went straight to Yang Lingsi!
The scene was suddenly chaotic.
Get the brakes on! "
"Flash away! Move!
! A sharp "sling" of the brakes, so that everyone was stunned, shocked to see everything in front of us.
Lamborghini stopped, at a distance of 0.1 meters from Yang Lingsi!
The whole scene was quiet. Five seconds later, Yang Lingsi legs a soft, wolf fell to the ground, she scared all over the body shivering, pale, the whole human wolf to the extreme!
Shen Liangchuan from the car down, indifferent sight swept all the people present, half a loud after floating out a sentence: "Sorry, did not distinguish the brakes and throttle."
The director looked at him, want to scold but dare not, and finally can only squeeze out a smile: "Go and see Yang Lingsi!"
Joe looked up and looked at the room, and the moment she looked up, she just saw someone go out.
She didn't care, and kept waiting, staring at the door of the cafe.
Five minutes passed.
She looked at her cell phone and Ishikawa didn't arrive and didn't call her.
She stared quietly at her cell phone, and after another five minutes, she impatiently dialed The Okawa again.
On the opposite side came the sound of a beep, after a long time, and no one answered.
Joe's love frowning, not because he's on the road, didn't hear the phone ring?
She sat patiently in her seat.
Half an hour has passed since The Good Time to Yukawa.
But he hasn't come yet.
Joe took his cell phone and kept calling him.
The phone can still be through the state, but no one answered.
She was in the same place, and suddenly there was an unprecedented panic in her heart.
Does that mean... On the way to Zichuan, was there a car accident?
She stared, walked out of the cafe, and stood at the door and stretched her neck to look over.
Zichuan said at the time, from here, still ten minutes away, even if it is a car, ten minutes in Beijing city can drive the road is also limited.
She wandered around the cafe restlessly, looking up from time to time, hoping to see his arrival, and holding her cell phone, calling him over and over again.
It's been another half an hour.
No one answered the phone and no one came.
Joe love can not sit still, she has always been a jumping character, can sit here steadily waiting for him for an hour and a half, has been very difficult.
Moreover, the phone can always be through, indicating that the other party's mobile phone will not be without power.
As she continued to call him, she stopped a taxi and told the taxi driver a question he found inexplicable, "Master, you take me casually, walk around this cafe, walk all the roads, and walk for ten minutes."
She looked anxiously out of the window, on the road, but did not see a car accident.
She's in a hurry. Go straight to the nearest police station and ask if there was a car accident near by that.
The answer was: "There was a tailgating accident, but they took insurance to solve it, so they have left." "It won't be Segawa.
Zichuan has always been on time, and Zichuan has always been careful.
She agreed with Zichuan every day what time to go online, but where he will be a minute late, will also send a text message to themselves.
She came out of the police station and called Toshikawa, who had shut down.
Joe rushed back to the coffee shop, and did not dare to move.
She was afraid of Segawa to find her can't see her, always impatient people, so in the coffee shop, a whole afternoon.
She stared at everyone who entered the cafe, but anyone who saw the same age would ask, "Hello, are you Segawa?" No, it's not.
Still not. Not yet.
Sitting in her cafe seat, she had a vague thought that he would probably not be coming.
By his character, he wouldn't leave her alone in the cafe for so long.
She bit her lip and gazed quietly outside.
Beijing is dark, and cars are coming and going in the streets.
Just then, her cell phone rang.
Joe looked excitedly, but when he saw the caller above, he bowed his head in disappointment.
The call came from my mother.
She answered the phone, heard her mother's gentle voice, "Little Joe, see Zichuan?" What do you think?
Forget to give us peace! Joe's eyes, all of a sudden red.
As soon as the voice came out, it burst into tears.
On the other side came the mother's anxious voice, "Little Joe, what's wrong?" There's something to say, tell me, what's going on? "
But the more mom cares about her, the more she wants to cry.
She bit her lip, crying can not help themselves, do not know is crying themselves, or crying.
Mother comforted her on the phone with a whisper. Just hang up, dad's phone call came back, his calm voice seems to be able to let people's hearts are quiet: "Little Joe, no matter what happened, don't be afraid, you are my Joe Dong's daughter, tell dad, where are you?"
Little Joe only realized that parents may have misunderstood something, quickly opened his mouth, the voice with a choke: "I, I am still in the coffee shop."
The other side is obviously relieved, "Little Joe, don't cry, it's too late now, you go back to the hotel first." Today he may have something, you have his mobile phone number, sooner or later to contact him. "
Joe bit his lip and said, "Okay, I know, Dad."
Hang up the phone, Joe love wiped tears, look is unprecedented determination.
If Ikawa doesn't come, she won't go.
She doesn't know if she's gambling with herself, or with him, and a person sitting there is sitting quietly, staring at her cell phone.
Joe love this only noticed the time, it is more than eleven o'clock in the evening.
She looked a little choked, and just then the door of the cafe was pushed open.
She looked up and saw a man in a majestic shape standing at the door, looking at her.
Joe's eyes suddenly red again, "Dad! "
She jumped up and rushed straight into her father's arms.
Dad but gently patted her back, "I knew you are restless and obedient, thanks to you come to Beijing, your mother is not assured, let me follow over ... ... Joe, it's so late, shall we go back to the hotel first? "
Joe love but shook his head, "Dad, I don't, I'll be here waiting."
Dad looked at her look, petted out hand touch her head, and then called the waiter to the side, do not know what to say, the waiter never came to catch them.
That night she sat by the window all night.
Because of the arrival of dad, let her mood, smooth down.
She began to be less impatient, but more and more persistent.
She took her cell phone, still five minutes apart, and called him.
At first, she was still holding out expectations, hoping that the next second, the phone can be through.
So late, Zichuan should go home, cell phone no electricity is also charged?
Until the back, she circled in a woody circle.
Beijing's sky gradually became white, she did not sleep, small face bandaged.
Then, when she didn't know she had made the first few calls, the other person finally answered.
The moment the other person answered the phone, her eyes suddenly lit up, like anticipation, and like a sigh of relief.
Yesterday night's wait, let her feel at the moment the heart of grievance want to cry, but but straight neck, the fierce Baba's opening: "Zichuan, where did you die?" "Little Joe. "
His voice, in a period of change, interrupted her.
Just two words, but let Joe love heart raised a bad feeling.
She stopped herwords, as if afraid of hearing what he said next, and she smiled and said, "Yuchuan, what's wrong with you?" Is something wrong? "
Laughing and laughing, tears rolled down, "Zichuan, you come to see me ok. "
After she said this, the other side was silent, and after a while, he told her the last words of their relationship: "Little Joe, don't see you again." "
When that fell, he hung up without giving her another chance to speak.
Joe's love is straight in place. She stared, looked at her cell phone in credulity, and said, "What's not to see anymore, you say you won't see again?"
She called him again, and as soon as the call was made, it was hung up.
Then hit the past, has been shut down. Joe looked at his cell phone in love, crying.
Young time, wanton, an elusive love, let her feel like a world of earth.
Before the trip mother's words ring in my ears again, "... Joe, he can't be trusted, what if he's a liar? "
In case you're a liar... What to do?
She and Zichuan network love for two and a half years, they have two years, every day at least half an hour on the phone, but now, but told her That Zichuan is a liar?
She didn't take her life and picked up her phone and called again.
The other party always shuts down.
It was only then that she found out that she knew nothing except to know that Zichuan was called Zichuan.
She tried to find him for a reason, but she had no idea how to find him.
Later in the night, she dialed the familiar number, but the other person told her that she was calling an empty number.
After all these years, every time she thought of that night's despair, she would give birth to a kind of confusion.
She stared at the coffee shop in front of her, and the happy Song Yuanxi and the man, her brows wrinkled tightly.
Online love ... Is it really reliable?
She was thinking, and as soon as she turned her head, she found that Shen Liangchuan was also out of the picture, as if she were caught in the memory.
What was he thinking?
Just think of here, saw Song Yuanxi and the man out of the coffee shop, she hurriedly looked ahead, saw the man waiting for Song Yuanxi into a car, and then two people left.
I don't know why, she always felt something was wrong.
Hurriedly pushed Shen Liangchuan, "Mr. Shen, hurry up to catch up!"
Shen Liangchuan seems to have not returned to God, staring at Joe's love suddenly asked out a sentence: "Why?"
Joe's love directly open, "I always feel that online love is not reliable, follow to see what they are going to do."
That's another sentence.
Shen Liangchuan is as deep as to be the whole person adsorption into like, "so, has never been false?"
Her feelings for him, because it is online love, so from the beginning, it is false?
This thought, let his eyes flash a kind of anger and hatred, so that the temperature in the car, have dropped.
Joe love by his eyes of the whole body cold, but watching Song Yuanxi and the man leave, she can not help but pull Shen's arm: "Mr. Shen, what are you thinking?" Get up! "
In a word, let Shen Liangchuan thought back to reality.
He bowed his head, stared at her big hand holding her arm, pressed down the complex emotion of his heart, looked ahead, launched the car, and it was only to keep up.
The other side's car in Beijing city around, more and more close to the suburbs, and finally to the west of a more remote place.
Joe stared at the front and pointed to the vehicle in front of a small shop, "There, the car is parked there!"
Shen Liangchuan frowned, stopped the car, as a public figure, he subconsciously picked up a mask and hat, not yet brought, the door has been opened, Joe love to get out of the car, has rushed past!
Shen Liangchuan packed up himself, the movement was slow, he frowned, and then looked up, the girl's body has disappeared at the door.
He hurriedly pushed the door and got out of the car.
Joe rushed in anxiously.
Here is a hotel, the corridor on both sides of the many rooms, faint light, people feel uncomfortable to look at.
And the atmosphere inside, with a sickening feeling, is an irregular, specialized in certain events of the place.
She looked around and saw that Song Yuanxi, who was in front of her, appeared unwell and was leaning on the man's shoulder. This scene, let her understand what happened at once.
As a reporter for so long, she has long been used to all kinds of scams, now Song Yuanxi, must have been drugged.
She walked forward and shouted, "Stop!"
The man did not look back, but went faster and faster!
Joe love big, again forward, just then, both sides of the door was suddenly opened, a group of hitmen rushed out.
Joe love squints, directly put out the frame, watching a man go up to catch her, a hand, directly to the other side captured, and then push forward, push to another person!
She has learned some martial arts, but that point of martial arts in the face of this group of people, in the end is a double-punch enemy four hands.
Just hit two people back, behind someone came up, before and after she was copied, this time how can not pass.
She anxiously bit her lips, someone came up, she paid the front of the person, but the back of the head felt a fist blow.
Bad!
It's over! Thoughts out, heard behind the people cry, and then behind a large and warm back, Shen Liangchuan has always calmed the sound, at this moment with anxiety: "Are you a pig?" I didn't know there was a danger? "
Joe's love was scolded, and the familiar feeling of inexplicably came again.
She remembers... It was also a game. She was provoked by a person, running after the fight, accidentally hit the other side of the rape, someone hiding next to, take advantage of the opportunity to come out, three people hit her one, watching her blood will be exhausted to be killed, Zichuan rushed in.
At that time, with his voice open, his angry voice passed: "Are you a pig?" Up to find death? "
The familiar tone, at this moment, was a strange overlap.
Joe couldn't help but look to Shen Liangchuan.
He was wearing a hat and a mask, and he could not see his expression, only the cold light in his eyes.
She squirmed, and someone rushed up, and Shen Coolkawa grabbed her arm, pulled her to the side, and kicked the man with one foot: "What do you do?"
With a loud cry, he turned back and played with another man.
Joe love this only returned to God, two people will be back to each other, with this group of people torn together.
But...... It can't be like this. Joe love bites the lips: "I saw Song Yuanxi was taken to the penultimate room in front of, must hurry past to stop, and then so entangled with them, the original Xi will have an accident!"
For twenty minutes, it's all done.
This words out, Shen Liangchuan looked around, "I have just called the police, but the police came over how to 20 minutes, I blocked them, you went to save people."
Joe love to hear this, two words do not say and go forward.
But walked two steps, but was stopped, to her hands, simply can not rush past!
She was in a hurry, looking around, suddenly saw a steel stick next to her, ran straight up, rushed back to the surrounding of Shen Liangchuan, shouted: "You go!" I stopped them! "
Shen Coldchuan directly refused: "No, you can't stop them!"
"Yes, I can't stop them, but if I rush into the room, maybe inside waiting for me more fierce, only you rush in, it is possible to interrupt them!" Whether you want to keep Song Yuanxi, it's up to you!"
She was holding the stick waving the tiger and tiger, and for a moment no one was near.
Shen Liangchuan squinted his eyes and tangled his heart.
She's right, and it's better now.
She stopped outside and he rushed in to save people. This group is not a vicious, will not hurt her life, but the song inside, but it may be destroyed a lifetime.
Think of Song Yuanxi's character, if being raped - dirty, she is likely to seek death.
Shen Liangchuan clenched his fist, blocking in front of him the girl shouted: "Not fast to go!"
The tone of the ferocious Baba ... The self-righteous look made him look deep.
He pursed his lips and suddenly opened his mouth: "Little Joe, take care of it."
In the midst of the chaos, Joe love simply can not hear what he said, but loudly howled: "Go! "
She is almost unstoppable. Just then, with a cold dagger in her hand, she saw Shen Cold river had turned and rushed to the room.
Joe love still not come and think more about what, in front of someone rushed over.
She took a stick and a dagger and beat the crowd with her best efforts.
The arm was already sore and was about to be lifted.
But she can't give up.
If she gives up, Shen Liangchuan will be the enemy, she must insist.
The stick was snatched over and hit her leg.
With a soft knee, she fell to the ground, but she clings to the frontman's leg and uses herself and his body to intercept the people behind her.
Pain, whole body up and down, everywhere pain.
Game hit people play super cool, hit a few times also do not feel good, but in reality ... Real Neymar hurts!
When Shen Coldchuan rushed into the room, Song Yuanxi's clothes had been taken off almost.
Her face was red and her brows were tight.
And the man has taken off his pants, ready, in Shen Liangchuan kicked open the door of the moment, look edged back, startled.
Shen Liangchuan instantly surprised a cold sweat, if he came half a minute late, the consequences can not be imagined!
He stepped forward, kicked the man straight to the wall next to him, and then fell heavily to the ground, carrying his pants, and shouting, "What are you doing?" The two of us are your love! "
When this remark fell, he was kicked in the face.
Shen Liangchuan beat him up, to make sure there was no one else in the room, turned directly, intended to support Joe love, but just went out, the opposite room rushed out of two people.
He could have seen Joe fall to the ground, bemobed, and the whole heart was as if he had been beaten up with one hand.
He could not wait to rush over to save her, but by these two people entangled, simply can not separate.
His look was getting colder and cold to the end, and he had a bloodthirsty chill.
Looking back, watching Song Yuanxi with the only point of reason put on clothes, twisting to see the bedside table there is a fruit knife, Shen Liangchuan directly threw to her: "protect yourself!" Then he went straight in the direction of Joe's love.
Song Yuan Xishi slung his fingers and waved the knife in his hand, and the two men divided one to chase Shen Liangchuan, and the other stared at her.
Shen Liangchuan regardless of the fist behind him, fighting for his life to run forward.
In his eyes at the moment, in his heart, there is only the girl who fell in the pool of blood.
The girl in the game, even if he was cut off, would cut it back.
He rushed directly to the crowd and heard the sound of sirens coming in front of him.
He could see Joe's love at the moment, and finally he was unable to do anything and fainted.
At the door, the policeman appeared with electric batons, "Stop, stop!" Did you hear that? "
Everyone stopped, waiting for the police to intervene.
But at this moment, Shen Xiaochuan rushed over, he grabbed the man in front of him, directly to the ground him, and then, one punch and then a punch to his face hit the past!
This man, just punched Joe eight.
Eight punches, and look at the rest of the people.
I owe Little Joe, all have to come back one by one!
He looked ferocious, grabbed another man's collar, and punched past!
A policeman shouted, "Let you stop, you hear?"
He wanted to come forward to stop, but at this moment, Songcheng came forward, a stop each other, "Oh, police comrade, you see what our wife was beaten like?" Wow, you don't know, our wife is pregnant, you look at so much blood! It must be a baby!
The police were also surprised to hear of Joe's miscarriage.
Staring wide eyes looked at this side, and then to see Shen Liangchuan's anger, one by one are also.
After Shen Liangchuan avenged Joe's love, the police came forward. Songcheng stopped in front, "Wow, hurry to send Mr. and His wife to the hospital!"
The police just looked at Joe and Shen Liangchuan on the ambulance, staying back to look at the situation here, wait until the people go, this consciousness came to sense, a few people brushing and looking at Songcheng: "Do you know what happened?" You followed the confession? "
"You... Then ask the gentleman to come to the police station when he is free! "
Song City laughs: "Excuse me, if you want to contact our husband, please contact our lawyer, otherwise, our husband will not provide anything."
Public figures, if taken to the police station by the police, then things are going to be a big deal.
Therefore, Songcheng has long practiced the ability to adapt.
The police had to handcuff the group and take it back for a slow trial.
Drowsy, his eyes black.
Joe love sidonted to open his eyes, but found that he could not open.
The whole body still hurts everywhere, so much so that she couldn't help frowning and moaning.
Then, the hand has been warm hand holding, the ear sounded that mellow sound, "Little Joe, I am."
Four words, like in the fiery body into a cool stream, let her feel the heart suddenly settled down.
Her brows grew relaxed and she fell asleep again.
Shen Liangchuan held her hand and stood by her side.
He also had minor injuries, even fists because of hit others to get blood, at the moment are wrapped up, but he did not move, always sitting by the bed.
The woman in bed, the wound place was wrapped up, and more places, was red and swollen.
The face was swollen again, the old injury was not good, and new wounds were added.
But even so, still can see the beautiful outline of the girl, that closed eyes, trembling eyelashes, all means that she is afraid. Yes.
Afraid.
At that time, any girl would be afraid.
But she was righteously stopped those people, let him go to save Song Yuanxi.
He fixed lying at her, half loudly, before slowly reaching out his hand and touching her cheek.
His hand in mid-air, and afraid that he would hurt her, so in the end put his hand down.
Time slowly slipped, he sat there, quiet room, he seemed to talk to himself, and like to say to Joe love to listen to, "Little Joe, we'll have a good time later, okay?" Those things of the past are over.
At this moment, he looked at the scar-filled girl, only finally suddenly.
He would rather watch her smile and poke himself at him, rather than watch her get hurt again.
This girl, let him really no longer heart to revenge.
As for the debts of the past, so far, that's enough, isn't it?
His light became more and more heavy, and in the end, it all turned into a strong love.
She used to be in love with the Internet, she didn't care.
The light outside the window, from the light to the dark, shining on his cheeks, mottled away, let his expression, at the moment appears particularly soft.
At eight o'clock in the evening, the woman in bed finally opened her eyes.
The ceiling in the hospital, and the smell of pungent, sterile water at the tip of the nose.
She moved her neck, and saw Shen Liangchuan sitting next to her, she had not opened her mouth, and heard him say: "Little Joe, still hurt?"
The press conference was a mess!
No one thought it would happen.
Wang Wenhao was even more stunned.
When he first came in, he found Shen Liangchuan is also, but think that even if there is a vendetta with Shen Liangchuan, he is also a public figure, certainly will not dare to be in the hall under the public to his hands and feet.
So he was very wanton to act at the reception, even just saw Shen Liangchuan came, did not care ... But who's going to tell him how dare he hit someone?
He was punched, the whole person took a step back, the right cheek hot pain, he took a bite, he found a tooth.
The pain numbs his brain and doesn't even know what to do now.
Is dazed, but see Shen Kukawa again forward, to his other side of the face, and a fist waved up!
"Bang! "
He was beaten to the ground and spat out two more teeth.
Enough to see, these two fists with how much strength!
Wang Wenhao covered his face, stared wide, determined that he was really going to hit, reaction, low roar on want to return the hand.
Can not move, Songcheng has been anxious to rush up, "Ah, Shen brother, you dissipate, don't fight don't fight!"
Mouth said so, careless, the foot on the ground Wang Wenhao's finger.
His leather shoes were sore, but he was still staring, "Yeah, did I step on something?"
Having said that, I'm still pushing my back. Then he turned around and opened his foot, "Ah, I'm so sorry!"
Wang Wenhao: ...!
Wang Wenhao held his face and watched Songcheng and Shen Liangchuan stand there.
Don't say there are two people on the other side... Circles know that Shen Liangchuan in order to film, once learned a period of martial arts and Taekwondo, and he has always done things seriously, Taekwondo has been a black belt level.
Just a Shen Liangchuan, he has been unable to provoke.
He wiped his mouth, and his cheeks swelled as if it were a pig's head.
Moved his mouth, pointing to Shen Liangchuan asked: "Shen Shadow Emperor, what do you do hit people?"
Shen Coolchuan looked up faintly, glanced at him, and then said a word that made everyone vomit blood: "Look you don't look good."
Having said this, he turned straight outside.
Songcheng fart sands behind him to go outside, "Shen brother, you say, to hit people you directly say ah, what to do with yourself?" But why didn't you say it earlier if you were going to hit him?
Shen Liangchuan listened to the sound of people behind him, slowly drooping his eyes.
Why do you do it yourself?
Because...... He is her boyfriend.
No, they're one step closer now.
He is her husband.
#沈凉川PK王文豪 the topic, once again on the hot topic.
Joe love staring at the above news, see Shen Liangchuan hit the past position, dazed can not help but reach out his hand, touch his face.
Why, she has a feeling, like Shen Liangchuan in Wang Wenhao hit her look, hit back?
This is...... Own illusion?
In a daze, weChat has someone in it to talk to her.
Chuan-flowing: Joe love, do you think ... Shen Yingdi is giving you revenge?
Joe looked at the WeChat, the heart suddenly produced a complex emotion.
Wang Wenhao slapped her twice, and Shen Liangchuan slapped him twice.
This look, let her mind and think of the once Sekawa.
She remembers that in the game, she hated being killed.
Because after being killed, wait anxiously for the resurrection.
But their own profession, their own do not fight, it is easy to be killed.
So, if anyone kills her, she will silently remember, let Yuchuan kill back. And not many, the other side killed her several times, Zichuan must kill back several times.
This is to deter everyone, let everyone understand, with them to play the game, must not chase Joe to kill, otherwise you will get the revenge of Zichuan.
Shen Liangchuan hit Wang Wenhao, let her think of the once Zichuan.
Don't know why, Mingming is the memory of The River, Mingming is buried deep in the bottom of the heart of the Zichuan, but now, it seems a little bit of a bright up.
She put down her cell phone, lay in bed, and fell asleep unknowingly.
In her sleep, she saw the man in armor ahead, running rapidly.
She was Little Joe, trying to catch up and see him, only to find how she could n'go.
She held out her hand anxiously in the dark, shouting, "Yuchuan, Sekawa, and so on!"
Zichuan really stopped, he slowly turned back.
Joe fell in love with him and laughed, but when he saw his face, the whole person suddenly startled: "Shen Liangchuan?" What's you?
He opened his eyes, only to find that he had dreamed.
The dream scene, in retrospect, is very strange.
She smiled bitterly and patted her head.
Joe, what the hell are you thinking!
Chuan-Yuan: Joe love, do you know Shen Yingdi? Why did Shen Yingdi avenge you? Come on, get it!
Joe Love: You think more.
Quit WeChat, look at the time, found that it has been five o'clock in the afternoon.
The babysitters were called to Villa 18, said to be in the finishing of Song Yuanxi's room, no one at home, she went downstairs into the kitchen, intended to make a bowl of noodles to eat.
The cut was so loud that she didn't hear the car coming outside.
Wang Wenhao was beaten, she was in a good mood, humming a small twist ingress, is the green vegetables and meat silk, noodles a brain thrown into the pot, suddenly heard behind the voice: "You so boiled noodles?"
In a word, scared her hand a soft, green vegetables or something all fell to the ground!
She swallowed her mouth and turned back and saw Shen, wearing a white shirt, standing quietly at the door.
I don't know how long he watched there, making people feel panicked!
Joe's eyes widened, "Shen, Mr. Shen, how did you come back?
She suddenly realized something, and quickly turned her head and covered her cheekwithe with her hair.
But having done this, she thought again, I'm afraid... The palm print on his face, he's already seen, isn't he?
However, he saw, but did not speak, nor saw a look of surprise on his face, which shows that ... He knew he was being hit?
Joe's eyes suddenly bright, suddenly turned back, impulsively asked: "Mr. Shen, you are because of me, only hit Wang Wenhao?" 
A sudden question, let Shen Cold chuan footsteps a meal, cool eyes look at her.
Joe's love was seen a little heartless, bowed his head.
She's really dizzy, how can she ask such a question?
Quietly looked up at him, see he is still expressionless staring at himself, that appearance, seems to be in distress how to answer?
She hurriedly shifted the topic, "Mr. Shen, Mr. Shen... Have you eaten? "
Shen Liangchuan this only returned to God, staring at Joe love to look for a while, "No."
Joe fell to the pot, "That... Would you like noodles?
"Okay. "
Before the words are finished, Shen Liangchuan on the shallow answer.
Joe lovea, she is actually a polite words.
She didn't forget that the last time a bowl of noodles made each other unhappy.
She cooks the noodles again, and there's no need to give her face?
Joe's love of the heart, a strong joy suddenly occupied the heart.
Shen Liangchuan boasts her noodles delicious?
As soon as the thought came out, I heard the next words, "... It's weird. "
Shen Liangchuan before, "you directly meat silk and green vegetables mixed with the top bar so cooked, the smell of meat can not go off, green vegetables are also easy to cook old."
Looking at each other so picky of their own cooking noodles, Joe's love heart suddenly unconvinced.
Say she's not cooking well? Think of that year, she cooked at home for the first time, cooked out things, my father praise, all eat, but also touch her head praise: "My family Joe grew up!"
Later, my father died, and Xiao Yi would praise the delicious noodles she cooked.
The two of them lived together that time, the night is green meat noodles, eat a full three years!
She unconvincedly put her mouth, could not help but bow her head, whispering, "Then you come to cook ah!"
She didn't realize that she was not as careful as she had been in front of Shen, and spoke a lot more freely.
Shen Liangchuan found this matter, in front of the girl suppressed nature, but the character has been with eight years ago, more and more similar.
His mood suddenly got better, nodded, "Okay."
Shen Coldchuan pulled up the sleeves of his shirt, went into the kitchen, swept the green vegetables and meat on the ground into the garbage basket, and then picked up a piece of meat, cut it and put it in a small bowl of salting, fire, fry meat, action skillfully, looked at there was some beauty.
Joe is standing next to him, waiting for the noodles to cook well, he put the greenvegetables and meat wire back into the pot, stir a little, two bowls of hot noodles, out of the pot.
It's just... The color scent is all over!
Joe love to pick up chopsticks to eat a mouthful, the eyes brush on the bright, "good food!"
Compared with this, she and Xiao Yi that three years, simply eat is pig food!
Staring at the way the girl sat at ether, Shen's cool color was softer.
She's still that simple, a bowl of noodles, it's easy to pass.
Can be so pure mind of people, how can do that kind of thing to ...
If you hadn't seen it with your own eyes, You would never have believed it.
Think of here, his look and cold, suddenly lost appetite.
Joe love will eat the noodles, looked up to find Shen Coldchuan's own bowl, did not eat much.
Does this guy, in fact, don't like noodles?
Think so, she stood up, "Mr. Shen, a babysitter will bring food, this noodles you don't want to eat, don't eat."
Shen Liangchuan took a look at her, a faint "hmm" a cry, attitude is not the same before the mild.
Joe fell in love with the sound, "Well, if it's all right, I'll go upstairs first."
This guy is in a bad mood, so she certainly can't stay and step on the thunder.
After saying this, throw your bowl into the kitchen, and quickly go upstairs.
To the master bedroom, pick up the ointment and put a layer on your face.
She looked in the mirror, and the redness all subsided, leaving only a light palm print.
The wound on the right face is already scarred, but it's still not good-looking.
When she was dazed in the mirror, she heard the sound of the car's siren coming from outside, a slight ripple, walked to the window, and found Songcheng with several people, came to the villa.
This is...... Shen's work team?
They've just set up their own brokerage and must be busy now.
She wanted to go downstairs to say hello, but looked at her face, thought, or counted.
Several people went to The Meeting Room in Shen Liangchuan.
Shen Liangchuan lookcolded sitting behind the boss's table, Songcheng took a few pieces of information handed to him, "This is my fancy a few small artists, have done a few network dramas, not yet big red purple, is a good time to sign them."
At this point, it opened: "Our QC entertainment company has just been set up, now should sign a few people first?"
Shen Liangchuan turned over the information in his hands, in the mind of the rapid memory of this group of people played a TV drama, but found that they did not have a slight impression.
He turned to the end, threw the material on the table, looked at Songcheng: "These people, you look at it yourself."
Song cheng nodded: "Okay." Here, he opened up, "In fact, now the female anchor industry is also developing very quickly, many network female anchors also have a high popularity, you see, we can choose from female anchors, but also choose a few? In fact, they are still very yearning for you, after all, signed the company, you can really enter the entertainment circle. "
He dropped this words, next to the assistant said: "This can be prudent ah! Some network female anchors in front of the camera is very beautiful, but I really can't bear to see!
Songcheng nodded, deeply thought.
Shen Didn't comment, even if he agreed.
Songcheng thought, suddenly opened: "Female anchor 'forget Sichuan' how? She herself is particularly mysterious, the number of live broadcasts is also very small, but each time the popularity of the live broadcast is quite high, is a plastic talent, and more importantly, I heard that she has not signed a brokerage company. "
A word fell, Shen Cool chuan light a lift.
Songcheng did not notice shen Liangchuan this subtle change, continue to open the mouth: "We all think that 'forget the river' is a dinosaur, but we signed forget Sichuan also do not lose, after all, as long as she in a better live broadcast platform cooperation, the benefits are also considerable."
Assistant said: "Yes, in fact, I have long wanted to know who the forget Sichuan!"
Songcheng heard this, clapped the board said: "This matter, I come to contact! Be sure to take it down! "
Songcheng this words out, the assistant smiled, "Song brother, this is what you said! 'Forget The River' so mysterious, basically very few people can contact her, you know how to contact? "
Songcheng scratched his head, smiled, "Try to try! "
This topic bypassed, we discussed a few people.
At nine o'clock in the evening, they left.
Hearing the sound of the downstairs vehicle leaving, Joe ran to the balcony and found Shen's car had also left.
Is this an explanation... Shen Kukawa also left?
She felt the whole person suddenly relaxed up, such a big villa, on her own, it is simply too comfortable!
After taking a bath, she came out wrapped in a bath towel and patted her stomach.
Noodles are the most digestible thing, she feels a little hungry.
So, so generous downstairs, go to the refrigerator to get a yogurt to drink.
The room was full of heat, she was barefoot, wrapped in a bath towel, humming a little song feel life is too comfortable.
By the way, she picked up a straw, took a few sips, and the yogurt was reduced, and she sucked it hard. The straw suddenly emits a "nuisance" sound, very loud and bright.
As she walked upstairs, she twisted her buttocks, "Cheek, the yogurt is still too little!"
Just finished singing, a look up, you see Shen Liangchuan standing at the entrance of the stairs, staring at her, always calm and cold people's faces, showing a complex expression.
Joe Love: ... 
Didn't he go?
Isn't his car out?
But who's going to tell her how someone else is still here!
That's a shame! 
And now, she's downstairs?
Can only advanced into the main sleeper.
Joe is embarrassed to stand there, staring at Shen Liangchuan, after a while, will be mouth of yogurt habits out, handed to Shen Coldchuan: "You, do you drink?"
Joe coughed, "Ah, it's time to go to bed!"
Here, the eyes are floating, is not to look at Shen Liangchuan, and then up the stairs, by the way tight wrapped bath towel.
But because too panic, she walked a little anxious, to the last stairs, the foot tripped, the whole person to pounce on the past!
She grabbed Shen's arm in a panic, which stabilized her body.
At the site, she smiled bitterly at Shen, "That, thank you."
And then...... A cool body.
The bath towel slipped.
Finally, she covered her face and went straight to the master bedroom!
That's a shame!
Shen Liangchuan almost can't hold his face.
He had a light smile on his lips and a light smile, and he thought of what he had just looked like.
Then twisting her head followed the woman into the main bedroom, she seems to be panicking to dress herself, but because they entered too quickly, so one opened the quilt, the whole person drilled in, even the head was buried.
Looking at the man in the quilt, his smile on his lips was bigger.
Then he couldn't help walking over, standing by the bed, staring at her.
After a while, she did quietly lift the quilt, pop the small head melon to come, see him, is a contraction.
He suddenly opened his mouth: "It's not that I haven't seen it." What are you shy about? "
And, is this talking man really Shen Liangchuan?
Why, this bad tone will make her think of the year's Sekawa?
She closed her eyes and the whole person was going to break down, because by now, she was still wearing a dress. 
Thinking, I heard the voice of Sessoso outside.
As soon as she squirmed, she popped her head and saw Shen Liangchuan undressing.
Joe's love is directly startled, "What are you doing?"
Shen Liangchuan expression like a smile, even rare did not have that sense of alienation, let people feel that he has become warm a lot, "what do you say I want to do?"
"So what?"
Joe stared at him and went out!
"You can't do that with me!"
"What's the matter?"
Ah, ah! How can this man be so shameless!
She tightened her body, could not speak, and could only stare at him with the innocent big eyes, vowing to protect the quilt.
Last time he was drunk, took the opportunity to take advantage of her cheap, today this person can not drink, can not come.
She's not just giving some money, she can go to miss! She was staring at him, and saw Shen Liangchuan suddenly turned around and walked into the bathroom, his low and mellow voice passed over, "Miss Joe, please think a little simple."
Joe Love: ...!
What are you doing when you take your clothes off at the bedside in the shower!
Why every time is their own thinking, think more!
She was holding her hair and couldn't wait to beat the man up.
However, Shen Liangchuan went to take a bath, can she wear clothes?
She jumped up from the bed, picked up her clothes and put on her body, when the bathroom door opened, Joe love body a rigid, sharply twisting his head, see Shen Liangchuan standing there.
He went out, took the bath towel out of the cupboard, and walked in again.
There are bath towels in the bathroom, this man must have done it on purpose!
She quickly put on her clothes, lay in bed and closed her eyes.
After a while, the man took a bath, came out, came to her bed, and lay down on her side.
Belongs to the man's breath, quietly drill into the nose wing, so that Joe love suddenly feel very at ease.
She closed her eyes and, soon, fell asleep.
Early the next morning, she was woken up by Shen Kukawa.
"Mom said, let you go over for breakfast. "
Joe love helpless to get up, in the room toss for a long time, satisfied to look in the mirror. In this way, it's good to see people.
Wait until from upstairs down, wait in the living room, Shen Liangchuan saw her look, pumping the corner of the mouth.
That small face, coated with a thick layer of foundation, white like a ghost.
And it's funny to have a creative sticker on your cheek.
Follow Shen Liangchuan together to villa 18, into the door, you see Xia Yehua sitting on the sofa suffocating.
Joe fell in love, "Mom, what's wrong? "
"The original hope this child to see the netizens!" You quickly help me to persuade her, online love is not reliable, in case was deceived how to do? "
Song Yuanxi's face rose red and red.
She bowed her head, her eyes were a little red, and she heard Xia Yehua's words, and hurriedly whispered: "Auntie, he won't lie to me."
Know what he's really like? Harashi, how clever and sensible you were when you were a child, but you look at you now... It's so worrying! No, I don't agree with you. "
She clenched her lips, bowed her head, and was always soft and untempered, but at the moment she was a little stubborn.
Joe looked at her in love.
Suddenly thought of the year's own.
She and Sukawa agreed to meet in Beijing, so she bought a ticket and intended to fly in.
But my mother is very much against, said very similar to Xia Yehua.
How did she deal with it at that time?
She said somewhat impatiently: "Mom, Segawa will not lie to me."
When she said this, she was extra insistent, extra self-confident.
Like the song originalxi now.
Xia Yehua pointed to her and said: "You only know him for a few days ah!" We're about to meet! "
"Auntie, you said online love is not reliable, so we meet, later is not online love."
Absolutely not! The other side so do not know the root, you passed, was deceived how sad? "
Song Yuanxi bit his lips, wronged not.
Xia Yehua patted his chest, "You child, really want to die me!"
Song Yuan Xilima walked over, patting her on the back, "Auntie, don't be angry, I'm not going."
She is so well-behaved, so good-behaved to make people feel sad and distressed.
Joe love and Shen Liangchuan stood next to, looking at this look, look slyly complex.
A lot of online love is to see the light of death. But Song Yuanxi is good, should not be abandoned.
Joe had a sip of his lips and suddenly said, "Mom, let her go."
A word fell, Song Yuanxi surprised to raise his head.
Xia Yehua the whole person choked.
And Shen Liangchuan, the light is also fixed on her body. Joe smiled and looked ahead, "It's normal to meet a friend."
Xia Yehua frowned, and what to say, Shen Liangchuan said, "She is an adult, you can decide some things."
Two people's words, let Xia Yehua take a deep breath, "line, you young people's things, I can't control!" Go ahead! "
Song Yuan Hitton excited, "Auntie, you'd better! "
Then he rushed upstairs.
Don't have to keep up, know what she is doing, must be the choice of clothes to choose jewelry ... Just like her.
In the old home to convince his mother, convinced his father, and finally came to Beijing alone, Xing Rush came to see Zichuan.
She prepared a lot of things to see him.
Almost all of his most beautiful clothes were brought, dragging a large suitcase.
In the hotel, she tried the clothes for a long time, before finally choosing one.
Looking in the mirror satisfied, she just went out to take a taxi, went to the original appointment of a good position.
She arrived two hours early, found a place to sit down in the coffee shop, and waited silently for him.
The location they agreed to was a Starbucks cafe in Haidian District, Beijing.
Because early arrived, so she felt a little embarrassed, in the corner quietly.
Every minute and every second at that time, for her, was a kind of suffering.
The first time she felt the flow of time is so slow, every turn of the second hand, let her jump in joy, but it was still too difficult.
Just thought here, upstairs came a sound, Song Yuanxi small face red-faced slung out of a white dress, standing on the second floor on the loud inquiry: "Sister-in-law, you see  which dress do I wear look good- "
Her eyes were bright, like the purest obsidian, and she gave off a trivial starlight.
Qiao Lian looked up at her head, and saw her become tricky again, and came up with an opinion of the red dress, "or this one looks good?" The white shirt would make me look pale, but the red color is too bright. I am rather pale, so I don’t know if I can handle such a vivid color.”
Qiao Lian's love is a trance again.
That year, she was wearing a red dress, because her mother said she wore the best look in red, like a small sun, always give swarms.
"Well, do I want to make up?" But make-up words, will not appear too formal, can not make people feel very casual. "
That year, before she went out, makeup, walked to the door, and turned back, will be washed off, because of the makeup, it seems that the whole person is old! Anyway, she's naturally beautiful, not afraid!
"Ah, which bag do I carry?" Qiao Lian laughed at a cry.
She never considered this issue, because she felt that since she was the favorite Of ego, then certainly not because she carried a expensive bag and gradually become obscene, nor because she carried a expensive bag, and look at her a few more eyes.
She saw the man of Segawa, even if he was ugly, and she recognized it.
But Song Yuanxi has always been timid, the most afraid is to trouble others, but at this moment, but so excited so loud to speak, so that the three people downstairs, look can not help but smile.
Xia Yehua pointed to her and couldn't speak.
Qiao Lian love had to say: "Wear the white one!" Don't make-up, you don't wear makeup better look, apply a little light lipstick is enough, bag, because you are wearing white, so carry a blue bag, and your shoes also ride. "
Song Yuanxi like to find the main bone, immediately sounded, and rushed into the room.
Xia Yehua sighed, "This is the first time to see her so much looking forward to the look, but I really worry that she will be deceived."
Song Yuanxi is very simple, although than the year's look at the good years.
But then the self ... That is a little overlord, no one dare to provoke her.
And now Song Yuanxi, is a rabbit.
What if I'm bullied?
She pursed her lips, couldn't help but bite her teeth, and her thoughts returned to the year.
She rushed to call Toshikawa, and the phone was quickly connected.
His "feed" word just passed, she said to Balabala: "Zichuan, I have arrived, a person to stay so boring, where are you?"
Night. Renovated in a luxurious bedroom, the dim lights are the quietness and mystery of the night.
Joe sits on a big retro bed, restlessly clinging to his sexy pajamas.
Thinking of what will happen later, Rao is that she has always been unafraid of the sky, at this moment also nervously bite the lower lip, black bright eyes, if there is nothing to slide towardthe bathroom direction.
The sound of flowing water stopped, the bathroom door was opened, Shen Liangchuan tall and tall body came out, so that this large bedroom, all appear to be a little forced, he was pervaded by a natural sense of dignity.
Joe lovethe heart "gurgling" a moment, squealing to stand up.
This man is her new husband. However, they only met for the first time today.
He was wearing a white robe, wet hair, strong nose, thin lips, five officers than the screen saw more refined and good-looking, especially those long, sharp and cool.
Joe love squeezeout a sweet smile, try to tone relaxed opening: "Mr. Shen, the first time we meet, please take more care."
Words fall, the man's eyes sink, the bottom of the suddenly revealed a dangerous breath!
"First sight?"
His voice is low, and the chill in it makes people feel a little!
That tone, like with some kind of sarcasm, Joe love has not yet wanted to understand, see him suddenly turned around, turn off the light.
"Pop! "
Sudden darkness, let Joe love a moment, the next second, feel a tight waist, a round about the sky, people fall on the bed, and then a body filled with masculinity, pressure over.
His movements were very rough, no foreplay, straight through her body, followed by a stormof ravages!
After all this, Joe lay in bed weakly, everywhere in his body was in pain, the tip of his nose was full of aggressive masculinity. Before she could breathe her breath, a big hand held her by the chin and made her look him in the eye.
In the darkness, she could not see the complex emotions in his eyes, only to hear his cool warning: "Miss Joe, I do not want the news of marriage to be made public, lest future divorce, will cause unnecessary trouble."
Joe's in love is straight to the fool's eye.
They just finished doing such intimate things, but this is not wearing pants, turn edgling not to recognize people?
She clenched her fist and pressed the humiliation down her heart.
Yes, this marriage is a deal in itself.
She needs money, and he needs a child.
He is asking for a secret marriage at the moment, and he is, of course.
Joe love deep breath, down his eyes, a good answer: "Mr. Shen, you rest assured."
When he fell, he stood up and walked into the bathroom without nostalgia, and when he went out in the shower, he changed his clothes and went out.
It was not until the sound of the car came back that Joe realized that he had left.
On their wedding night, he threw her alone in the wedding room?
Joe stayed in love, and it turned over, holding the quilt and went to sleep. "Explosion!"
According to people familiar with the matter, the film emperor Shen Liangchuan today to obtain a license to marry!
This tweet, like an atomic bomb, instantly bombarded the entire network.
Then you see the reporters around, posing as passers-by, swarming up and following the police as they rush into the hotel.
Joe loves to shrink his eyes, pretends to collect news, and rushes in.
What happened, she didn't know, she only knew, now must go in, find Shen Liangchuan, make sure he's okay.
The hotel security personnel have been out of control, there is a police captain to rush over the lobby manager to show the document: "We are Chaoyang District Anti-Drug Brigade, now suspect you have here some drug use!"
Then, the captain waved, orderly police on the brush into, straight to the various rooms!
Joe's loving heart in the hearing of that sentence, the whole lift up!
Drug!
If there are stars who take drugs here, all the stars in this hotel today will be taken away to check for toxicity.
She choked and clenched her fist.
Shen Liangchuan certainly did not take drugs, she is very sure.
But even then, if taken away by the police, his reputation must have been damaged.
At the thought of it, she followed the policemen and went straight to the rooms.
A group of people who were driving the fog were led out by the police, each with a feeling of enjoyment on their faces, looking wretched and disgusting.
In this room, it's not Shen Liangchuan.
She went on to go to the next room.
Just walking, suddenly heard a familiar voice, "I did not take drugs! We're just getting together and playing! "
This is...... Wang Wenhao's voice!
Joe turned his head, he saw Wang Wenhao caught by the police, is walking out.
The police didn't listen to his explanation and went out straight away.
Just walked to the door, Wang Wenhao suddenly shouted: "Shen Liangchuan is also here! He's on drugs, too! "
In a word, let the police captain twist his brow, and then to the two police officers open, "You go to search again!"
"Yes, I'm not. "
Joe is in a hurry.
The police are doing the right thing, but it's this group of members of the public who are receiving too much attention.
If caught, even if found not toxic, but things go to Weibo, how many people will believe his innocence? !
Therefore, Shen Liangchuan can not be caught.
Joe love to let go of the pace, pick up the mobile phone, to Shen Liangchuan to make a call, but his mobile phone is not answered at all.
Joe had to call Songcheng again.
The call was answered quickly, and she was running fast, gasping in her voice, "Which bunk are you in?"
"888, what's going on? "
That tone of calm, so that Joe's love almost a mouthful of blood squirted out.
There's so much movement downstairs that they can't hear you?
Sure enough, the sound-proof effect of the package is too strong, and it is not a good thing!
She anxiously opened: "Police in the downstairs anti-drug, Wang Wenhao bite Shen Liangchuan is also here, you quickly find a way to go!"
A word fell, Songcheng's tone gathered up, "Good."
Joe love standing in place, gasping twice, saw that the police have found Shen Liangchuan's room number, is planning to go upstairs.
Joe love a contraction, see the elevator for a long time not down, a bite of teeth, ran to the next stairwell.
She climbed the stairs quickly, observing the elevator on the ground floor.
Wait to the eighth floor, the elevator also jingled a sound, two police officers came out, and at this time, 888 bags, Songcheng opened the door, out.
It's over!
Joe love not to lose, come again!
This time, before it came near, he was killed by Segawa.
Again!
he was resurrected and killed again. Until the end of the game, Joe love nothing strange did not play, what gold coins have not been obtained, the whole process is looking for death.
Counting the past, she died nine times!
Joe patted himself on the head, another game, and reassigned. She entered a group, is quietly waiting for people, but suddenly found that Zichuan actually came in, and!
Still in the same group as her!
Joe: Hi, Sekawa, you played really hard in the last game!
But did not expect, this words out, the other side directly out of the group.
She quietly found the other person's account, applied to add a friend.
But the other side has been slow to agree.
Joe: Zichuan, how did you go?
The news, which was full of five minutes, was answered.
Shikawa: I don't have a group with fools.
Joe's love staring at the phone, "snort" a cry, laugh out loud.
That was their first chat.
Young and prosperous, kind of excellent self, so angered by this sentence.
Think of their own after the crazy move, Joe love can not help but cover his face, feel look back, at that time, their own, is simply a brain disability.
She turned over, the chandelier on the ceiling of the room, pulled her back to reality, and the smile on her face disappeared an inch by inch.
The sweeter the memories, the sadder the reality.
If she and Zichuan's encounter, is a fate, then this first love, can only be regarded as a fate.
She looked down, shook her head, and did not let herself think about it again, afraid of falling into the loneliness of eight years ago.
Taking a deep breath, she looked at the computer and found that the video of The Stream had been transmitted.
Sichuan flow: These are not enough to prove Wang Wenhao's hatred of Shen, if we have a more intuitive way.
Joe love to see this sentence, a light sink.
She certainly has more direct videos, but now, not yet.
Throwing her phone next to her, she finally lay down on her bed and slept.
In the main bedroom next door.
Shen Has not fallen asleep.
He was holding his mobile phone and was brushing a microblog when he suddenly saw a video of Chuan's release.
The maintenance of others, always can make people happy.
With his hands behind his head, he lay down, but he couldn't sleep.
Just get up, and he walks over to the next bed.
Gently open the door, you find the woman lying asleep.
Shen Liangchuan, she did not cover anything, so many years, how or learn not to take care of themselves?
Walk over, pick up the cup, cover her, and try to get her computer aside, but when he saw what was on the computer screen, he was in a weedy.
turnhis his head and stare deep at the girl on the bed.
She said she was going to be busy at work... So, have you been busy making this video?
In the heart, suddenly flashed a burst of warm currents and impulses.
He suddenly went to bed, directly pressed on her body, in her obsession staring open eyes, suddenly asked: "Little Joe, why are you so good to me?"
"You don't know?" The agent was surprised.
Joe shook his head, "I don't know, can you tell me why?"
At the beginning she was short of money, no way, it was Shen Liangchuan's agent to find her, only to reach this marriage agreement.
The broker said: "No. "
As soon as Joe fell in love, he was heard to say, "Because I don't know!" When Mr. Shen suddenly told me to prepare the agreement to find you, I thought, you know it! "How is that possible?"
If she had known Shen, she would have been in the press world.
Who does not know, Shen Liangchuan a little wind and grass movement, can be minutes on the hot search.
Thinking, the agent suddenly stopped, "Arrived, Miss Joe, need me to arrange a car to take you home?"
Joe's love hurriedly waved: "No, no, thank you."
Joe fell out of the group, and the reporters outside had left.
Just got Shen Liangchuan and Yang Lingsi into the group of big news, they certainly have to hurry back to prepare.
Joe walked over, stood by the side of the road, ready to take a taxi to the newspaper.
Just then, a red Audi "snooked" in front of her.
The door opened, and Yang Lingsi came down in anger.
"Pop! "
A solid slap fell on Joe's face!
"Tell you, Shen is mine!" Don't rely on a little color, just want to seduce him! "
This slap came quickly and unexpectedly, she was hit the head side to one side, the mouth has a sweet smell out, the cheek hot pain, so that she feel half of the face have a little hemp.
Ya, this woman's strength is really great!
She moved her cheek, found that there was no problem with her teeth, put down her heart, and looked sharp.
Entertainment circle, there is no shortage of stars and journalists between the contradictions, but almost no star directly hit people, so she just did not guard.
Now it seems... This Yang Lingsi, is simply a wonder.
She looked at Yang Lingsi sarcastically: "If I remember correctly, Shen Yingdi just got married yesterday, how is yours?" Are you Mrs. Shen? "
Yang Ling si, angry and corrupt: "Is not I not important, anyway, how can not be your little reporter!"
Joe love laugh: "I am indeed a small role, but Miss Yang to be careful ah, don't be careless, will be everyone shouted."
There was no other people around, Yang Lingsi face, followed her words shouted: "What about marriage?" I'm just willing to be a junior!
I'll tell you, stay away from Shen Shadow Emperor! "
Joe's love to raise eyebrows, "Little Three?" She crooked her head, dark eyes, and revealed a sly: "But I remember, you just confessed, and ... Shen Yingdi seems to refuse you, you want to be a junior?
Did Shen agree? Yang Lingsi was stimulated by her words, almost to jump feet, "So what? I tell you, by the heat of Shen's wedding, followed by the headlines, it is me! "
A word fell, only to realize what he said, Yang Lingsdirect warned: "I tell you, close your mouth, this slap, is i give you a warning." Next time, it's not a slap in the back! "
Having said that, she turned her head, got in the car, and left.
Watching the vehicle dust off, Joe fell out of his bag to find the phone that had already turned on the recording function.

In the confusion of Joe's love, he felt as if his chest had been crushed by a warm stone.
The nasal wing was filled with a masculine and familiar masculine air, making her try to open her eyes to see what was going on.
But after getting through the middle of the night, she was really sleepy.
While fighting against her eyelids, she heard a crypto-sounding sound, like from the depths of memory, and like a sound in her ear, "Little Joe, why are you so nice to me?"
A familiar title, coupled with that Joe's character is always he read a special flavor, so that even after so many years, still unforgettable.
She opened her eyes sharply, and her eyes were the deep eyes of Shen Liangchuan.
She stared blankly at him, only to feel that the familiarity of the people in front of her made her want to cry a little.
But has not returned to God, the mouth was occupied by people, his she, gentle not like, slowly suck the air in her mouth, entanglement, let people quickly surrender.
Joe unwittingly put his arm around his neck and responded to the kiss.
The next day, Joe woke up again, only to find himself in the main bed.
The sourness of the body, let her think of last night's dream, a time red face.
She lay in bed for a while, and then she got up, washed up, and when she went downstairs, the restof of her eyes caught a glimpse of her body in the dining room, and she had a good step.
Incredible look past, and indeed found Shen Liangchuan sitting in the restaurant, eating.
This guy hasn't been out yet?
She seems to remember song cheng mentioned yesterday, today he has an activity.
Is it... What happened yesterday affected him?
At the thought of it, her little eyebrows frowned, and it seemed that she would have to speed up.
After thinking about the right thing, last night's madness came back to mind.
Joe's love of the face brush suddenly red.
Think about waiting to eat face-to-face with him... She felt her heart jump edifrom her chest.
Come on, don't eat!
She bowed her head and the cat was walking, and she was going to slip out.
Just then, the babysitter came out of the kitchen and saw her: "Ma'am! Time to eat! "
Shen Liangchuan heard this, slowly turned to see, in seeing her tiptoe look, eyebrows pick, see her immediately stand straight body, looking at the ceiling, pulled a arm, "Ah, I move under the ribs."That look... Are you shy?
Shen Cold River's cold face a few more degrees of temperature, continue to drink porridge.
After waiting for a while, she came over, sat next to him, and then it was like starving a ghost to give a baby, pick up a bowl to sip porridge, as if i could hate to eat breakfast for a second, and then go to work.
Shen Coldchuan put down his chopsticks and made sure to look at her.
Feeling her eyes, she slowly turned her head.
Seeing her as good as her enemy, Shen Liangchuan suddenly wanted to tease her, "Miss Joe, did she sleep well last night?"
She felt like there was a fire, and the stoic stoawas burned up, so that her whole body was burning.
The porridge in the mouth, so contained, all forget to swallow.
This man... How could he ask such a shameless question!
But partial, he looks serious, as if not to ask an answer can not.
Is it... He wants to make himself use his strength?
This thought, let Joe love a sialy.
Stretched her neck to choke the porridge down, she looked at him again, and found that Shen Coldchuan still looked at her indifferently. Joe's love is like crying.
This kind of question, how to answer!
This answer, the other side should be satisfied?
Any man should want this kind of praise.
But then she heard the other person say, "What's great?"
Still in the foot!
She looked up, drummed at him, "Just, that's it!"
"Which one?"
Joe's loving eyes, brush ingres sit between his legs.
Shen Liangchuan picked up the eyebrows, a decent admonition to her: "What are you thinking?" I asked you if you slept well. "
Joe Love: ...! She thought more!
She covered her face directly, whining, and didn't want to live.
She bowed her head, her little face was about to be buried in the porridge bowl, with a spoon and a small spoon to drink, dare not look up.
It was an hour before it was easy to finish a breakfast.
'It's definitely the longest breakfast she's ever had,' says Jo.
She put down her chopsticks and kept her head down, "I'm ready to eat, I'm going to work first."
Stand up, pick up their bags, stand at the entrance to change shoes, but see Shen Guchuan followed.
She immediately changed her shoes and gave him a place.
But just pushed the door open, intended to run, heard the command sound behind: "Wait a minute."
Joe's love is set. Shen Liangchuan shoes change the action are done extraordinarily good-looking and expensive, then he went out, start eduture, drive to her side, "get on the bus."Where to go?"
She subconsciously inquired, and took a step back.
That look, let Shen Liangchuan squint, "Where do you say to go?"
Joe stood still and looked back at him.
Shen Saidukawa frowned and looked cold, "I'm not your driver."
Inexplicable a word, let her hard is a minute, this only reflects what it means.
He drove while she sat in the back, unaware that he was her driver.
Joe hurried around the other side of the car, opened the door, and sat in.
Shen Liangchuan only started the car.
She sat with a needle felt, looking at him in the corner of her eye.
This guy... I've always been driving before and gone by yourself, what's going on today? Was it because last night was so harmonious that he found out in his conscience that he was going to send himself to work? At the thought of this, Joe's love suddenly burst into a rage.
It seems that Shen Yingdi is still very conscientious!
But!
He sent her to work, and was he seen by his colleagues?
Joe love wink a little eyes, think, turn to shen Liangchuan.
Joe love tangled for a long time, or can't help but open the mouth: "Mr. Shen, you send me to the front bus station just fine."
In a word, let Shen Cold river cold to see, "This makes me your driver?"
Joe doesn't understand the meaning of this. Shen Cold chuan on a cold snort, look ahead: "Mom call in the morning, let us pass."
Joe's love suddenly became nervous, "Mom ... What happened to Aunt Xia? "
It's not going to be uncomfortable, is it?
See her nervous look, Shen Liangchuan light soft down, "nothing, the original Xi is back, we have a look."
Harashi?
Joe love obviously feel, Shen Liangchuan mentioned the name, the tone is not quite right.
Shen Liangchuan this person, always proud, no one can let him bow, from the relationship between him and his agent can be seen, he also does not like to be controlled.
Married to him to now, more than half a month, also did not see him to accommodate who.
But now... A man is back, but he's going to run over and see for himself?
Who's this original?
She bit her lip and didn't know if she wanted to ask. The lips moved and there was no talk.
She did not notice, when referring to the original Xi, Shen Liangchuan seems to think of something, the light sank.
He suddenly opened, "The original xi is young, do not understand, I take her as a sister to see, you have to accommodate her."
In a word, let Joe love heart suddenly produced a feeling of sour.
She thought that Shen Liangchuan had always been cold.
But it turned out that he also had a gentle moment.
It's just, that kind of gentleness, not to her.
The discovery sent her down all of a sudden.
Five minutes later, the car turned into Villa 18.
As soon as he entered, Joe fell in love and saw the living room door pushed open, and then a petite figure appeared there, she was wearing a military-green sweater, her small face, porcelain white and quiet, looking like a shy neighbor sister.
That's what... Harashi?
Joe was thinking, and the car stopped.
Shen Liangchuan opened the driver's seat door and went down to the girl.
Joe love came a little late, can not hear what they said, can only see the girl looked up to the head, introverted smile, Shen Liangchuan but touched her head, attitude intimate.
She slowly approached, heard the girl bowed her head, the voice is very small very quiet mouth: "Kagawa brother, you am fun of me, I ignore you."
Shen's low voice opened, "Okay, go into the house."
He seemed unaware of the arrival of Joe's love, and had no intention of introducing each other to them.
The girl looked to Joe love, mouth opened, want to say hello, but it seems to dare not, lookated at Shen Coldchuan, can only show a good smile on Joe's love, followed into.
Xia Yehua has stood up, "the original Xi last night's plane, I told you several times, you do not know to come over!"
Shen Didn't explain, just walked over and sat on the couch.
Xia Yehua is anxious, is planning to say something more, Joe love immediately before, "Mom, he is also a matter, yesterday Songcheng they had a meeting to half night, it is too late."
Xia Yehua look this only ease, to Shen Coldchuan hum, and then smiled and dragged Joe love, first to the original Xi explained: "The original Xi, this is your sister-in-law, Joe love!"
Also on Joe love to open: "Joe love, this is Song Yuanxi, I dry daughter!"
Joe's love flashed the idea in a flash.
Songcheng this group of people's action is simply too slow, this just hit a positive.
No, It can't be seen by these two policemen.
The idea flashed, and Joe didn't want to rush directly at the two policemen.
She grabbed two policemen and forced them straight back into the elevator, shouting, "Don't go out!"
With a word falling, both the policemen froze and looked blankly at her.
Joe's love of the brain is running fast, trying to find a reason and excuse to come out, is simply crying.
Two policemen had alertly grabbed her arm, one looked out, and one asked, "Why not let it out?"
His hands touched his waist.
Is that...... Gun!
Joe's legs were soft, knotted Baba's opening, "Police, uncle, that... Don't go out... Me, I'm going downstairs. "
"You go downstairs, why don't you let us out?"
"Yes, yes, why don't you let you out?" Joe fell in love with the knotted mouth, and after a while, he opened, "yes, I remember! "
She stared and spat in horror, "Uncle policeman, you know what? In this elevator... Ghosts! "
The police:......! Joe love hands and dance, is at the entrance of the stairs to block, do not let two people go out, "I want to go downstairs, but I dare not, I am afraid of ghosts."
She blinked her eyes, and her heart had darted over a hundred thousand grass-mud horses!
In an emergency, she couldn't think of any other reason.
But this excuse, if she is a seven or eight-year-old girl, and said that the past, but she is more than twenty, this look ... It's too intellectually retarded. Uh...... Mentally handicapped!
Joe's eyes lit up, and immediately and sweetly smiled, "Police uncle, I am afraid! Wow, I'm looking for mom!"
In order to Shen Liangchuan, she is open-minded out, today to install a child neuropathy bar.
Two policemen look at me, I look at you, one person opens: "This is... Mentally retarded, or drug-addicted? "
Joe's love heart cackle, is finished.
After the drug people will be nonsense, this group of people will not think she is drug use?
Is she going to follow her to the police today?
As i thought, I heard another man say, "This little girl's eyes are clear, not like drugs."
Joe immediately winked his eyes, trying to make his eyes more clear.
In the confrontation between several people, Songcheng came over, "Little love, how are you here?"
Joe love twisting head, see Songcheng, did not see Shen Liangchuan, know that this is Songcheng came to solve their own siege.
She immediately rejoiced and shouted, "Dad! "
Songcheng: ... I'll go! He can have an eight-year-old daughter, but he can't have a 20-year-old daughter!
See the look of Songcheng, Joe love also reflected over, ya, too into the play! I've called it wrong!
Two police officers are looking at Songcheng, showing puzzled look.
Song cheng doesn't often appear in public, so they don't know him.
One policeman had noticed something was wrong, pushing away Joe and heading straight for 888, while the other officer clasped Joe's hand and kept her from leaving.
Seeing someone rushed to 888, Joe fell in a hurry, can see Songcheng nothing like the same look, this is a relief.
Sure enough, the policeman went over and found that there were no more people in the 888-pack room.
The more so, the greater the suspicion of two people.
Both policemen stared at them.
Songcheng coughed a cry, scolded Joe love: "And shout father, you should shout brother!"
In a word, like touching the heart of the wound, do not pretend, her tearbrush fell down.
The more tears flowed, the more fierce she choked up. Song cheng hurriedly patted her on the shoulder and sighed, "Our father died when she was eight years old, and she hit her head that year, so she stayed at the age of eight."
He said here, patted Joe on the shoulder, "Little love, come on, don't cry, tell the police uncle, how old are you this year?"
Joe immediately extended a finger, and then in Songcheng scared, opened: "eight years old."
The two policemen saw nothing and had to go downstairs to make a difference.
Watching them make the elevator leave, Joe love and Songcheng are relieved.
Then, Joe's love twisting his head on a drag on Songcheng's arm, "Mr. Song ... Song Ge? "
That smile, let people see the panic.
Songcheng hurriedly opened, "What's the matter?"
"What happened today ... is not going to be a thing of the day. Can you not tell Shen Yingdi? "
Joe love flattering smile, thinking that if just the thing was seen by Shen Liangchuan, it is simply a loss of death!
"Song Brother, Uncle Song?""How are you?"
Songcheng curiously asked.
Joe love big eyes turned, suddenly showed a sly smile, "I sent a report, said you are gay! You like Shen Shadow Emperor! "
Songcheng: ...!
Songcheng gave her a thumbs up: "Count you hard!"
Song cheng nodded, "I don't say." Joe was relieved.
But just relieved, heard Songcheng said again: "But, don't say."
Joe fell in love, "What does it mean?"
"Shen has seen it with his own eyes. Songcheng said this, and looked behind her.
Joe love body a rigid, suddenly turned back, saw Shen Liangchuan with several of his assistants, is standing at the door of the 833 package, looking at this side.
His two little assistants had bowed their heads, their shoulders shruged so hard that they were clearly seeing just the thing!
And Shen Liangchuan although still indifferent to stand there, but his lips, has slightly hooked up.
She suddenly want to understand, no wonder she felt Songcheng slow action, the original Shen Liangchuan has long been transferred, Songcheng left in the room is to pack things! Bias she also thought she was right to run over for him to stop the police, that is simply she had enough to support nothing to do!
And now... Look at Shen Liangchuan, Joe love the low head, whining, no face to see people!
Then she saw Shen Liangchuan strode over, passed her side, stopped and said, "The performance is good."
Joe fell in love, and raised his head, looking incredible at Shen Liangchuan.
People are quipping that she is a mentally retarded person, and she thanks her fart!
Sure enough, when beauty comes to be, her IQ is out of line.
Sneakup up, see the people around one to smile at her, she simply hateto dig a hole into.
However, a Joe has always been resilient, and soon forced the transfer of topics, "Well, how do you go? There is now a first floor in the parking lot plus a few exits, which must be surrounded by police. "
Joe love this words out, see Songcheng looked at Shen Liangchuan, not anxious to ask her: "What do you have a good way?"
Joe's eyes lit up, "Yes! Wait for me. "
She turned downstairs.
Five minutes later, she ran up quickly, a small face red, sweat on her forehead, also flowed down.
She dropped Song and her assistant directly, leaving her and Shen Liangchuan in the room.
Joe love to take out his bag clothes, throw on the table, "Mr. Shen, quickly change! "
Shen Liangchuan frowned, picked up the clothes on the table, an ordinary men's hoodie, but that loose puffy clothes ... Is it a maternity dress?
Pregnant women dress also count, the red below ... How does it look so much like blood?
Touch a touch, also wet, smell ... It smells like blood! Sticking to his hand, he shoved his hands.
In doubt, I heard Joe's love voice, "It's chicken blood, I think there's only chicken blood in the kitchen."
Shen Liangchuan drew the corners of her mouth, threw down the clothes, and then saw Joe love will be pregnant clothes picked up, quickly put on themselves, and then put a large pillow stuffed in, she held her waist, into a living flexible pregnant woman.
Then upset their hair, do not need to sprinkle water, just ran up and down the sweat immediately to stick the hair.
"Get dressed! What are you doing? "
Joe love to Shen Liangchuan shouted, on the anxious turn, and began to search the house, and finally found their own make-up bag.
As a journalist, make-up is professional anytime, anywhere.
She picked up her make-up bag and turned back to see that Shen Hadan had changed into a pair.
She walked over, picked up her feet, wanted to make him make up, but she got up, and the big belly, which was on the way, suddenly hit Shen's stomach, and Joe's love was bounced back.
He had to sit down, and Joe quickly painted his face, until he was sure he couldn't see what Shen's original look was.
"Okay, let's go!"
The police on the first floor are investigating, suddenly, the elevator rang, a man holding a pregnant woman, difficult to get out. That sound... The soul is great.
The police captain said, "What's going on?"
Songcheng hurriedly and anxiously opened: "Our wife is going to have a baby!" Come on, let's go to the hospital! "
The captain waved, "Flash away! "
Shen Liangchuan a will be Joe love up.
Looking out, just upstairs two police officers came over, "This pregnant woman's voice, how so familiar?"
In a word, let Songcheng and Joe love are frozen. The captain looked at a few people in disbelief, those two small police officers will come forward, Joe love has been holding Shen Liangchuan, shrieked out: "Chuan!" I can't!
Sharp cry, so that everyone has seen, Shen Liangchuan timely forward: "Fast, car fast drive over!"
The captain and the two small police officers were afraid to stop, so they watched rushed outside, on the assistant drove over the babysitter car, Yang long away.
On the bus on the rush, so Shen Liangchuan directly holding her to sit down, the driver quickly drove out, Joe love always keep him holding the posture.
She stared wide, want to say that she can let go, but as soon as she looked up, he saw Shen Liangchuan's look, seems to be dazed, to the mouth, immediately dare not speak.
Shen Liangchuan is really in a daze.
Eight years on, the girl's voice, it seems that there is not much change, crisp and pleasant.
They are in the game to know, team play boss, and later, they opened voice in the game, often while chatting, playing the game.
He liked the look of her exhaling, like the sly little look she had just threatened Songcheng.
Sometimes he deliberately teases her, forcing her to hurry, and she shouts his name: "Chuan! Why are you so bad! "
His name is Zichuan.
Her name is Little Joe.
And just now, she shouted out of the Sichuan, is recalling their past?
He thought about it, bowed his head, and saw Joe's heartless wink, looking at him.
Shen Liangchuan suddenly felt a burst of smouldering, frowned, pushed her.
"Bang! "
Joe fell on the car with his buttocks.
Although the car is covered with heavy carpet, not pain at all, but that position is not good-looking ah!
Joe love Zhangkou want to scold a sentence, can be on the eyes of Shen Liangchuan, and put the words of the mouth to swallow down.
She patted her self-peeling, want to stand up, but the car narrow, she was standing up a big belly, not to stand up, the stomach was hit by the car seat, a buttocks and sitting on the ground.
Joe love suddenly can't help but put his mouth behind, staring at Shen Liangchuan.
She just hero to save the United States, this person turned his face do not recognize people!
Joe slowly stood up, the pregnant woman casually took off and threw in the car, this only found a seat to sit down.
Along the way, there was no talk to Shen.
The two men soon returned to the villa.
Joe love body glued chicken blood, two words do not say jump out of the car, go upstairs to take a bath.
Shen Liangchuan is planning to take a bath step, frowned to see the girl bubble open body, suffocated to the room to wash.
Wait until both men washed into clean clothes downstairs, you see Songcheng face serious stand up, "things are still out."
He handed the phone to Shen, and Joe hurriedly came to see it.
Huamao Hotel anti-drug, arrest a number of stars. Wang Wenhao bites, Shen Shadow Emperor is also in the hotel! No one has been immediately informed, but reporters contacted Shen's agent and no one answered the call.
Another mobile phone in Songcheng has gone off the phone.
He cut off the phone, cursed, "This Wang Wenhao, it's just neurotic!"
Wang Wenhao bites Shen Liangchuan drug use, this matter, caused a stir on the network.
And at the moment, Songcheng and Shen Liangchuan and others, also do not take action.
Being vilified, on the rush baba rushed to the hospital blood test to prove his innocence, it is too weak, it appears that the status of Shen Liangchuan is not enough.
But the sound of it, the network water army can drown people, Shen Liangchuan's micro-blog did not open a comment function, so, there has been a "Shen Liangchuan drug use" topic, the number of discussions, less than an hour, has been tens of thousands!
Songcheng feel stoic, like a piece of dog skin paste glued to, a little disgusting.
The brokerage team soon arrived at the villa and we had a meeting to discuss how to deal with the matter.
Joe was also invited to listen, sitting on the sofa, listening to Songcheng will introduce the current situation.
She was listening when her cell phone suddenly rang.
She bowed her head and found it was WeChat, and someone was on her.
Point in and see the call in the cold powder group.
Cool powder is the name of Shen Cold River fans, they have a fan association, Joe love is the senior figure inside, The River stream is the president, two people often chat on WeChat, more familiar.
Joe picked up his phone and logged on to Weibo.
On her phone, her weibo name is, Joe loves Theriver.
Seeing the name, she immediately looked up, looked at the presence of several people, found that no one noticed her, it was a relief.
Then go into the topic of drug use in the city of ShenLiangchuan, and you're going to see what's going on.
But look at the past like this... The fire came up!
Big big big tongue: long ago to see Shen Liangchuan not happy, these days passed out, are also his bad news, playing big names, bullying the younger generation, marriage also made so sensational, and now is drug use, so become the film emperor, began to expose nature?
Don't know the situation, just talk! Watch out for the wind flashing your tongue!
Big big tongue: I am not afraid to flash the tongue, afraid that everyone is blinded by his face, can not see the inside of this person. It's another brain powder.
Chuan flow: I think you are jealous of my husband is handsome, this year, handsome also wrong?
Big big tongue: full of brain residue one, I will say a guess only, do you know how ugly you look like this? Or did he call you when he took drugs, so you spoke for him?
Kawakubo: You're not guessing, you're slanderous! My husband has the right to sue you in court!
Shen Liangchuan is a sinister sly little man, his ugly face in private you have not seen! Do you know why he doesn't take part in any entertainment and rarely gives interviews? That's because he's got no ink on his chest, and his agent is afraid he's on the show to look like an idiot!
In a word, it is a strong personal attack, many Shen Kukawa fans, began to fight back.
But most people are incited by big tongues, and even some fans can't help but start to doubt Shen.
Joe loves The River: Some people's words really passed, how the truth of the matter, I believe the qing self-clearing. His marriage was blown up, you say he high-profile, he does not on the show to maintain a low-key, you say he has no ink, so either you teach everyone, how to be a public figure? Advise some people, please mouth accumulation.
The reason and sharpness of the fightback were suddenly cheered.
Big big big tongue: Oh, and another brain powder.
Since it is innocent, why don't you make an announcement yet? Besides, Wang Wenhao and he have no wrong, what he is so black ShenLiangchuan? Joe Loves Coldriver: What is brain disability?
In addition, such a little thing, Shen Shadow Emperor on the announcement, will not later you began to scold him to make a fuss? As for Wang Wenhao and Shen Shadow Emperor, how do you know that they have no wrongs and no hatred?
As soon as she sent the news, she heard an assistant shouting: "This Joe loves The river, speaking very sharp ah!"
Joe was startled, his fingers shaking, and nearly dropped his phone on the ground.
She swerved up and saw everyone looking at their phones, apparently watching the war of words.
At this point, everyone brushups up to see Joe love.
Joe's love suddenly dry mouth, unconsciously put the phone into the pocket.
Songcheng jokingly said: "This micro-blog name, will not be Miss Joe's?"
Joe immediately shook his head, firmly denied: "How can it be me!"
Songcheng nodded, "Tease you, this person is the old man inside the fan club."
Joe was embarrassed and afraid to speak.
Nima, if it is found that Joe loves The river is his own, it is not shy to die!
She went upstairs to the master bedroom, picked up her cell phone again, and found that the big tongue was too big to speak.
WeChat group is already celebrating.
Chuan flow endlessly: Joe love, do a good job, worthy of being a reporter!
In WeChat's circle of friends, many can display personal information.
When Joe became a reporter, a careless disclosure of his career, was known by the crowd.
Chuan flow: But now this matter is so big, how to deal with it? It's not a way for us to scold like this.
Meng Meng cat: Never mind, have you contacted Mr. Song?
Kawakubo: Not yet, his phone didn't go in at all.
Some very loyal fans, in fact, with the star close to the relationship, such as the endless stream of Sichuan, basically Shen Liangchuan's trip can be learned.
Meng Meng cat: In fact, I have a way, Wang Wenhao so many years with Shen Shadow Emperor has been at odds, often micro-blower to make some hints, there are some shows will also have traces, we can do a tailoring video to the Internet, let everyone know That Wang Wenhao this is the number of air will be exhausted, so pull Shen Shadow Emperor cushion back it!
The river flow: this can have! Joe loves, do the video thing to trouble you!
Joe Love: No problem!
As a journalist, she often does some of these things now, so she is very skilled.
The fan base was so powerful that it quickly searched for a whole bunch of videos or screenshots of the two-person disamonal. Joe loves to turn on his computer and get to work.
It was getting dark and it soon arrived at ten o'clock in the evening.
Songcheng they held a meeting for several hours, each scattered.
When Shen Coolchuan pushed open the bedroom door, Joe was startled.
Quickly turn the computer off, then hold the computer to stand up and look at him.
He looked still calm, and he did not seem to be disturbed by the anecdotes and was in a good mood.
That kind of calm idle look, let her heart, also calm down.
But thinking of the awkward things in the hotel today, she suddenly a little uncomfortable.
The whole room was very quiet, he casually dressed in a dressing gown, holding a mobile phone in his hand to look at, as if he had not seen her, went to the sofa and sat down.
For a moment, no one was talking.
The trees outside the window were blown, making the sound of sand, and the curtains shook.
The golden light spilled on him, making him look particularly hazy.
Joe love standing there, finally opened to break the silence: "Mr. Shen, i'm going to sort out the work documents, may be late, I go to the room, you ... Let's rest first. "
She said that here, and fled like a way to go.
But when I went to the door, I suddenly heard his voice: "Miss Joe."
She stood her feet and turned back.
He looked up, indifferent lying on her body: "Only on time to rest, have a strong body, can give birth to a healthy child, you know what I mean?"
She understands. He began again, clearly concerned about her, but partial to make such a bad look.
She should see good on the harvest, can think of the WeChat group of those people waiting, she bowed her head, pretended not to hear his meaning seems to open: "Mr. Shen, the last time I had appendicitis, the doctor did a check, this month ... I'm not pregnant. When I get pregnant, I'll definitely stick to the rest time.
She held the computer, walked out of the master bedroom, came to the room, and lay on the bed.
Quiet room, she was busy, until three o'clock in the morning, the video and evidence organized, sent to the stream.
The file is large rife and it will take some time to pass it over.
Waiting time, she picked up her phone, turned it on and logged on to Weibo.
Drug abuse has begun to worsen, because Shen Liangchuan has not responded for a long time, some white-hot trend.
I don't know how Songcheng plans to run the crisis.
Joe is in love with his head, doesn't want to see the vicious comments on Weibo, quit the micro-blog.
Idle, she suddenly thought of something, and opened the mobile phone app store.
The lot searched today is still on it.
Her sight, glued to the game's familiar icon.
She hasn't touched the game in a long time.
She has been trying to make herself forget Segawa, and she can hardly remember him.
But recently, those deep lying in the bottom of the heart of the memory, and began to flood.
Especially today, Xu is Shen Liangchuan's maintenance, moved her, let her heart suddenly become fragile, can no longer suppress those memories.
She unwittingly clicked on the game download.
Although the game has evolved a lot, the scene is still what it used to be.
She logged into her account, turned around in a familiar place, and then went to the game's cliffs.
On the pale stone wall, without any plants, it looked atmospheric and magnificent.
Little Joe in a green robe standing on the cliff, the eyes of the entire game world.
The wind blew, and her red hair fluttered with the wind.
Joe's love staring at the phone, it feels like he's back to those wanton times.
When she was hooked on playing games, she was only on her senior year, and it was her age that she had no scruples, and the first game she played was the lot.
When You first started, I don't like to practice with the machine and take part directly in the actual combat.
People who have never played a game, of course, are losing the tragic, five to five fights, often a game inside, she has to die more than a dozen times.
Friends all advised her, do not use the character of Little Joe, because she is weak, partial she likes to play forward, but Joe love but very stubborn stick, even if play to the back, she unlocked a lot of functions, always use is such a character.
When she met Zichuan, it was the second day of her playing career.
At that time, randomly assigned, she saw a picture of a painting of ink, very elegant people into their opponent group. With her group of members, suddenly a sad!
"Come on!" Zichuan is coming, what's the point of us playing? "
"Can I quit now?"
Yuchuan don't make trouble, play with your team, don't play with our little Luo! "
Joe's obsessive fan asked: "Who is Shichuan?"
In a word, the screen was quiet for a few seconds.
After a while, someone weakly opened: "Sister, you are new to it?"
"You don't even know Himadokawa?" Full service first master ah! "
"Zichuan usually play with their teammates, you have seen the full-service leaderboard?"
Joe's love to see those words, eyes immediately lit up.
One day, she thought she could do it, so... If she can kill this Yukawa, does nare proves she's good?
Young unconvinced, coupled with her strong sex, let her make up her mind, activities a bit of wrist, on the computer to open.
At the beginning of the game, she stared at the little map, only to find that... Hey? Why didn't I move in Segawa?
Zichuan did not move, the two sides played very intense, she also in her own position, staring at Echuan.
After five minutes, Yukawa moved and began to walk to the middle position.
Joe's love suddenly excited up, the game's characters jumped towards The river.
She also did not love the war, sneaking close to him, suddenly stand up, attack!
The first knife cut up, she is excited to cut the second knife, found... The screen shows that you have been killed!
Joe was unconvinced.
Wait a few seconds and come back to life.
Go ahead again, cut!
This time, Zichuan is surrounded by everyone, she cut two knives, but also want to cut again, simply can't see what happened on the screen, a explosion, and then show: you have been killed!
Opened the playback record, found that in that short two seconds, Zichuan actually continuous operation, to Joe's love group of everyone put a big trick, the speed of the operation ... It's not just a human hand!
The night fell all over the body came a sharp pain, like a thousand sharp blades, cutting her body.
Especially the heart, like a fire, burning in the body, burning her everything.
Night clear want to reach out to rub the eyebrows, but found that their whole body is weak, even fingers can not move.
in my ear, vaguely came a vague sound. "Four Masters, is it really okay to do this?"
"Afraid of what! "
"How could His Highness see this waste? Had it not been for her bearing the name of the Lord of Sanquan Zong, His Royal Highness would have taken her. "
"Small waste is the night four Miss personally sent, that bowl of medicine is also the night four Miss personally fed, His Royal Highness ... ... Maybe it's also informed. "
Damn! What a ghost situation!
The night fell with a thin brow, and tried to open the heavy eyelids.
As soon as she opened, she was the bright light, stabbing her eyelids a pain.
A scene of strange scenes, like walking horse lights in the mind of the constant swing. 
The scene, those scenes, like forced insertion of memories, quickly overlapped in the mind, and gradually fell calm.
After receiving these memories, the night fell and opened his eyes again.
This time, her eyes adapted to the candlelight in the house, and the lights lit up.
Luxurious and sophisticated rooms, quite ancient, white yarn book with the wind floating.
Four night pearls stand in the four corners of the room, emitting a bright light.
The most beautiful father is that she is now lying on a round wooden table with her limbs, her original proud figure, into a delicate girl's body, only a white robe.
By! She lay on the table like this, as food, waiting for others to eat her and eat her?
Does Neymar just jump off the plane and transfer her soul to such a little?
And, just through such a miserable, can not be happy to play?
The night fell and tried to move, so that it could not be vigorous.
The two men outside the door had just said that she had been drugged.
And the man who took the medicine, is the body of the four sisters, and personally sent her here, let people to tarnish her!
Night clearing quickly searches for the memories you need from memory.
The person outside the door, is one of the four people of the Xuan, the captain of the late family of the four young captain siaa, this person is a popular, idle, is a capital is a master.
Send her to the captain in front of the late ya, is simply to send sheep into the "wolf" mouth!
Four sisters? And that so-called fiance?
Oh!
Just give her a wait!
The night fell slightly with sharp eyes, pressed the body from the sharp pain and numbness, and tried to control the limbs.
"Squeaky" a door rang, the captain came in late.
Listen to the footsteps, less say there are more than five people.
"Little waste, brother is here to hurt you now!" 
The captain walked up to the table and reached directly for her white robe.
The night clear cold eyes sharp, hoarse voice, spit out a word: "Roll! When he heard her voice, he smiled more loudly: "Haven't passed out yet? Good, good!"
The night maple, which was lying on the ground, was originally motionless.
Can be heard in the night after the snarling taunts, holding the long knife five fingers tight.
The long knife burst into the platform.
The seemingly thin body, on the support of a long knife, slowly get up.
"Don't you say my sister!"
He jumped out of the gap between his teeth word for word.
The night spirit is still laughing, enjoying the joy of victory, did not listen to the words of the night maple.
Quasi -! You! Said!
When the last word fell, the whole person of the night maple turned into an arrow of departure from the string, and rushed straight to the night.
Long knife wave, a mysterious light from the palm of the night maple forced out, strong air flow, will be covered by the long knife.
The night under the platform covered his chest, and a burning sensation struck in the chest cavity.
Immediately, she saw the foot of the night maple, a five-pointed star, with his release, gradually spread.
Above the red-black star-print aperture, there are four five-pointed stars floating.
This is the star print display of XuanXuan four products.
The night clear after light to the light side of the night light that glanced at the two of them look normal, is staring at the night clear.
It seems that the starry pattern at the foot of the night maple, only she saw it alone.
The night fell slightly, the charming slightly up, found the night maple four stars, there is a star pattern, if looming.
Tightly, a violent explosion broke out on the platform.
The glow flickered and the rubble splashed.
Flying sand stone bewildered by the eyes of the night, can not see the situation on the platform.
Until the air flow is wind, the wind blowing up, blowing the flying sand away.
At this time, the long knife split the face of the night clear.
The night qing spirit with the evil sword to block the long knife of the night maple.
The sword is in the direction, the current of the lightning is running, and there is a hint of gloom.
"The night maple is at this time ... Got promoted! "
On one side, the night was plain and unbelievably exclaiming.
She has been mysterious eight products, natural lying the power of the night maple and gas field, in this moment, has undergone a dramatic change.
Don't look down on a promotion of a scale.
A scale of ability, not an equivalent at all!
The cold wind was so heavy that it could not hide the surprise on his face.
Night Maple's information he investigated, Xuan Xinyu is not low, but it is definitely not a medium qualification.
Otherwise, the night maple will not be stuck in the xuan three products of the situation, a whole year has not advanced.
This is going to... It was in the trial of Taitai, promoted to the xuan level.
For the promotion of the night maple, the night fall is also a little surprised.
It was a relief.
Practice, become stronger, but for the heart of a obsession.
Like her, she wants to survive in a different world.
And the night maple, is to protect her.
People are most likely to stimulate potential abilities when they are in a desperate situation.
Night maple is feeling that he is going to die, but the sister's obsession, awakened his potential. Thus achieved promotion.
That's why some people have worked hard all their lives and can't break through barriers, and why some people can easily promote.
Because everyone's mood is different.
On top of the starry pattern of the night maple's feet, four stars, indeed, have become five.
Hyun-hyun five products.
At this time, the night maple is shrouded in the promotion aperture, the strong air flow, lingering around him.
After entering the door of the Upper Babotower, the night fall was transferred to a void space.
For the admission of the ten assessments, if she did not guess wrong, it should be from intelligence, ability, strength, potential and so on comprehensive strength, into the Upper Xuan College to arrange each space, to conduct assessment.
In the previous world, she was seen as the future home owner, what ten assessments, what tests, those old men will change patterns to assess whether she has a step back.
So, what assessment, simply can not fail her.
That's why she dared to say what she said half a hour later.
After washing the essence, she had the help of the old man, and after passing the first level of purgatory, the strength was greatly improved.
The xuani-level is now, has reached the situation of Huang Xuan nine products.
Although this hyunage, in the students of The Xuan College, is not the top, but at least is a medium level.
What's more, she also has the Holy Beast Seven, as well as the dysmo-hyun gave her the flame fan.
After the first assessment began, the face of the night fell, showing a smile of self-defeating.
Sure enough, as she thought. Ten assessments, and her in the modern assessment, the same.
Different, that is, the power is slightly different.
But it doesn't matter.
Assessment square, Lu continued to have students were eliminated, there are countless students, to successfully selected students to challenge.
But it is clear that the attention of the people in the field is no longer in these students.
They all looked forward to the sight of the tower between the upper and the main table hovering.
On the main stage, the incense that represented half the time had burned half.
Time is fleeting, and it's passing by.
The hearts of the people were also raised tightly.
"Ghost old man, half the time... Does she really pass the test? The three men had a few mixed emotions on their faces.
They do not like the night fall, really can pass the examination at half-time, night fall will become a formal student of Shangxuan College.
According to the wandering ghost guard short sex son, night fall is not in the upper Xuan College walking across?
Their idea is that they hope that the night clearance assessment fails, they have enough excuses to refuse to fall into the hospital.
But now there is an additional emperor!
Their hearts were almost broken.
The consequences are so scary that they can't think of them!
"The assessment should be no problem, but half a hour ... Hey hey hey ..." the wandering ghost sly smile, eyebrow stoic, "the old man specially selected the most complex ten assessments on the baboon, this apprentice, the old son is settled!"
Three husbands looked in the direction of Emperor Moxuan.
But found that, Di Moxuan has been closed-eye to keep god, the words of the wandering ghost, did not show half a point of displeasure.
A few people breathed a sigh of relief, one by one around the ghost, do not let him talk again.
"The most complex ten assessments, half a hour, how can it be!"
Sanquan Zong area, the night qing ling showa of luck and joy, "small waste is too successful, I see she can not even pass the assessment, will give the night home smear."
In the hearts of all, the same is true of the mind.
Hundreds of years ago, that set a record of twelve hours, the assessment or simple ten assessments!
The sight of the light of the night, has been placed on the body of Di Moxuan.
Hearing the words of the night, she red lips slightly hook, slightly dagger: "arrogance, will bear the consequences of arrogance."
Also dare to enlarge the words in front of the emperor, to attract the attention of the emperor.
The most complex ten assessments by the ghost pit, half a hour?
Although the night qing spirit has been the sword of the mysterious control of the body, but consciousness is still there.
At this time, see the night maple double-sen cold, a pair of hard hard touch, the bottom of my heart rose a sense of fear.
The cowardly eight brothers, who have always looked down upon, should have such a powerful air field?
The night cleared the woman... What magic is there?
Not only can you make a difference, but you can also make changes to the people around you!
Think of the night sunset, the night at the heart of the burning jealous, then burned up.
"Ben wants to save you a life!" Okay, the game's over! "
Under the eyes of the night, the air of the dark yin surging.
In an instant, i saw countless cold air, since her body bloomed.
Combined?
The night was clear and white.
Is the night-clearing spirit so much hate her?
Even with the sacrifice of their own, but also to put the night maple in the dead?
With the manipulation of their own evil sword into one, that is to completely offer their own soul, sink the evil sword.
With luck, you can still withdraw from the evil sword.
That will be swallowed by the evil sword, completely become the evil sword food!
"Girl, if you want to save your brother's life, leave here immediately, find a just husband for him to admit defeat!" The old man quickly gave a solution.
Admit defeat?
Night maple to the present, for this is a chance to be admitted to the hospital.
"Don't think so much, that kid has a chance to be admitted to the hospital, and so on the next time he enrolls freshmen at Xuan College, he has a chance!" "
Life is gone, this test, is still lost.
Keep life, and the days ahead make the night maple struggle.
The old man will not say this for no reason.
The night fell deeply looked at the eye stage, that mouth corner overflowed with blood, but still tenaciously refused to give away the night maple.
Take a deep breath and put your eyes on your eyes.
With the cohesion of gods, people have returned to the audience area.
Before the words, hands have been stuffed with a bag of stone.
The shape of the night fell quickly in the audience area move, strange pace, a few twists, people have arrived at the main stage.
After the main desk, several tables were placed.
Several elderly men in white robes sat slackly there.
The night fell and noticed that their robes were marked with medals differently.
It's a bar-like, different color.
should represent their position at Upper Xuan College.
The night cleared the eyes quickly to search, and finally set on an old man.
The old man lay on the table to sleep, next to the dragon flying phoenix dance two big words - justice.
The night fell out and could not see his badge, presumably this should be a just husband.
The night cleared and passed away.
Still chatting with each other a few husband, at this time even stopped the sound, one by one stared eyes, surprised look to the night.
"That's not the old man, the girl... Even walked past the old man of the wandering ghost! "
Not afraid to die to disturb the old man sleeping! "
"Will it be a life-threatening death?" "
"It will affect the academic style of Shangxuan College ah! "
A group of people were talking over there.
The night fall at this time also did not think deeply, the old man who is the wandering ghost.
She quickly stepped forward, "pop" a cry, patted on the table: "Justice husband, I give up for my brother!" "

The old man, without a slight reaction.
The night was in a hurry, where he was still the husband of The Xuan Academy, reached out and wanted to push him.
It's just that her hand is not near yet. The sleeping old man, with her arms like a poisonous snake, sprang up and held her slender wrists.
The old man was freed, and the whole man came to his senses, clapping the table in a rage and standing up.
The night fell and saw what the old man looked like.
The old man is more than half a hundred years old, thin, square-faced, with a glimpse of white beard.
How to see, are just an ordinary old man.
The night fell but could not ignore his eyes.
It's sharp and bright.
His face became even more ugly when he saw a weak woman standing in front of him.
"Justice, I'm going to give up for my brother!" The night fell and opened immediately.
"What to admit defeat do not admit defeat, don't bother old son!" The old man waved his hand and looked impatient.
"But a test, your college is trying to make a life?" "
The night was full of anxiety, and she did not know what the matter was.
Xiao's life, really can not afford to save.
The old man's words, before the end of the words, was interrupted.
The little girl in front of us, palm slap, the bowl of cold water on the table, straight floating, directly covered on the old man's head.
Action that called a quick, that called a no hesitation!
The night cleared the light of the cold, the tone is also covered with frost: "the skill is not as good as people?" If it is really inferior, I will not say half a sentence! "
She sneered, looking directly at the old man: "Don Tang Xuan College, ability assessment time, students use illegal things to do than the test did not detect, this is your college supervision is weak!" "
However, the husbands around the country, completely did not listen to the words of the night clear in their ears.
They watched the night fall with surprise.
Are they blind?
How dare someone throw water on the old man's head? Who's the old man of the wandering!
This is the whole college, no one dares to provoke the existence.
The whole Upper Xuan College and the old wandering old man into a flat hand, a finger can be counted out!
The old man is a mad old man.
Even when the dean saw him, he had to avoid walking!
How dare this yellow-haired girl provoke the old man of the wandering ghost? It's definitely going to be the rhythm of life!
The ranger is very calm to take down the bowl on the head, wiped the face: "How many space?" " "Three hundred and twenty! "
Wandering ghost sleeve robe swept, in front of the rapid emergence of the epitome of the tower.
his hand, and touched it lightly on the screen.
When boarding, the platform of 302 disappeared into the picture.
At the same time, listentothe ring the square, sounded the purple ling poignant scream: 
"Eight Masters!"Eight Lords! "
The night was clear and the heart trembled, and the eyebrows were clenched into a clump.
He gave a thank you to the wandering ghost, and immediately turned around and walked in the direction of the sound.
"Wait a minute." "
The ranger shouted at her behind her.
The night clear edgy ears, filled with the two screams of the purple-ling fang, did not pay attention to the sound of the ghost.
Foot-foot edgy, shaped into a shadow, quickly disappeared in front of the visitors.
In the square, Ziling was half-knee to the ground, his arms bent to drag a bloodied man.
The night maple was dressed in blue, blood-stained, and blood, constantly spilling from his body.
Purple diamond's clothes, too, were dyed red a large piece.
The night fell to one side, face expressionless.
A pair of seemingly frost-covered charm, quiet lying at the night maple.
He was pale and his mouth was covered in blood.
his hand, holding the long knife. 
Even if you're in a coma, I don't want to let go.
The long knife was left half. 
The heart of the night fell, cackling down, the chest choked the pain.
She stood there, her slender body, trembling slightly, afraid to touch the quiet lying teenager.
Mu family brothers also sent them to watch the space out, at the moment, immediately ran down.
Muzi Fan half squat down, quickly to the night maple to do a simple check: "serious internal injuries, excessive blood loss, must be urgent treatment!" "
Muzi not from the arms out of a few dan medicine, to the night maple mouth stuffed: "first stop the bleeding, ask people to lift the soft frame!" "
Two doctors, surrounded by the night maple busy before busy after.
Onlookers took a breath of cold air.
The future of the refining drug alliance, Mu family drug shop heirs to an unknown young master to see a doctor?
You know, how many people have asked For Mu family brother suing for a doctor, will be the family property on full, also may not be able to let Mu family brother nod!
Even the royals can't shake them half a point.
After seeing the severe lying night maple, the crowd observed a moment of silence for the man who had injured the night maple.
The sound of the night's qingymble came from the side.
Because of the night maple's admission and loss, the night clear and so on also from the space of 302 transmitted out.
At the sight of the woman standing quietly in the square, she bowed her head and gazed at the night maple, as if she were crying.
The night is full of joy.
The night fell and dared to ruin her secret jade!
Then she will step by step to clear the night around the people, in the most cruel way to exorcise!
She's going to watch the night go down and she's going to live!
Night-clear grumbling thinking, the bottom of the eyes of the smile, added a little snombly. "Seven sisters, sisters have long advised you, advised eight brothers, really not hostile, give up is, look ... You have to get to this point. "
"The strength is too poor, blame no one else, this world, this is the strong for respect." "
In fact, in seeing the night maple seriously injured unconscious, the night clear face expressionless standing there, his heart is incomparably happy.
He was cold and slightly squinting, walking at his own pace, and walking to the night before sunset.
Now the night is clear, like a lost dog.
He did not believe, to this time, the night is not open to him, ask him to help, hard lessons of the night to clear a?
If the cold wind is self-righteous, it has just been exported.
Night fall is a twist, look to mu brothers: "Please you, if the little sister is unharmed, I will be ten times your kindness!" "
Say, she crossed the cold wind and ignored him completely. The night fell directly to the main desk.
Line of sight, fixed in the following she came out of the backstage on the haunted body: "I want to participate in the hospital assessment." "
On the main stage, the three men sitting on the bench were all highly respected people at The University of Shanghai.
It was impolite to see the night clear, and he sank his face.
Just want to open a scolding, but was interrupted by the ranger: "Hospital assessment?"
In other words, the night clear to participate in the admission assessment, if you want to revenge for his brother, then there is no drama.
Because of the ability assessment after three days, Night Ling has already become a full student, can not accept the challenge.
The night's clear lips slightly raised, the charm slightly up, the cold light of the cold: "half a hour."
When the brain turned around, there was an uproar around the square.
"Passing ten admissions at half-time?" Joke! "
"The shortest record in the academy for hundreds of years is twelve hours, and that's the record set by a genius who came out of the house hundreds of years ago, how could anyone break that record?"
The crowd pointed to the woman in the middle of the square, and no one would believe it.
Even the three men of the main trial desk felt that the night was taking them to have fun.
However, the only wandering ghost meaningfully gazed at the night.
A little, he caressed his beard, smiled a little treacherous:
"Okay! On behalf of The Upper Xuan College, I promise you that as long as you can pass ten admission examinations in half a hour, you can directly become a full student of Shangxuan College. "
A few husbands want to refuse, after the wandering ghost opened their mouths, they swallowed into their stomachs.
What kind of existence is it at Sanxuan College?
Look at his chest badge, only a yellow bar, like the lowest-class husband of The Xuan Academy.
That the main table of those several earthy five or six cross bars of the husband, but also to the wandering ghost is respectful.
As soon as the ghosts opened their mouths, they couldn't even speak.
"Let it be your disposal!"
The night is clear and raised, the eyebrows are full of self-confidence.
"Disposition is not necessary, if you can't pass in half an hour, then what if I'm a ghost-walker?"
"Ghost old man, you... You're not serious, are you? "
On the stage of those three husbands staring big, frightened stood up, pointing to the wandering ghost: "So many geniuses in the academy you do not choose, partial to choose such a ... ... Do you know, she, she is the one of SanquanZong! "
Many people listen to the "beautiful name" of the night clearance, but have never seen the night clear.
This will listen to the husband said, the three quanzong's that, when the deng understand, this long-growing country, the flame is extremely arrogant woman, is sanquan Zong that the waste less lord.
A waste of more than ten years of waste, even if suddenly understood the practice, it is not possible in half a hour, through countless mysterious genius, are afraid of the ten assessments.
All eyes to the night, no longer amazing her beauty, or pity her, sympathize with her eyes.
It's contempt udganding her self-imperces.
"Half the hour?" This night home seven miss is not waste, but become silly ah! "
All sorts of sarcastic and sneering words, from time to time.
The visitor in front of the main trial desk, hands ring chest, shrewd sharp eyes, straight hook staring at the night clear: "How, consider it?" 
"The old man of the ghost! "
Three husbands see the wandering ghost also insist on the night to clear the fall as a disciple, the face sank.
"Shut up to the old man!" Can the old man be a waste? "
The wandering ghost did not look good behind the eyes of a few people, "to the old son of the good old son to scare away the words, the old son must not kill you can not!"
The three husbands were scolded in public, the face of the red and red, but it is angry, sat down, when really did not open.
This ranger... It's not a simple person.
The night fell slightly, the pink lip ticked the hook, the dagger said: "OK, I bet with you!"
The haunted smile, leaping down from the main stage, standing in front of the night.
It is true that he has taken the night's clearance as his apprentice.
The night cleared the corner of the mouth twitched down: "If you don't move your hands and feet, half a hour, enough."
"No moving, how honest and kind man the old man, how can play the little trick in the back!" The ranger waved his hand.
People looked at the scene in front of us and could not believe their ears.
One after another, pull out your ears and rub your eyes.
Can swim ghost to the night to laugh that called a kind and kind picture, still in front of the eyes!
Bead!
It's not an illusion!
It's not a fantasy!
The old man of the wandering ghost really wants to collect the night to clear the street as a disciple?
Especially the night light, a pair of gentle beauty, can not hide their hatred and jealousy.
The old man is an ordinary, inferior husband in the eyes of ordinary people.
Can be one of the four three quanzong, how can not know the name of the old man!
Even her master ten scenes in charge, not as old wandering the status ah!
Why is it such good luck to see the night fall!
Before holding the emperor's dress corner, and now is the old man of the wandering ghost to look on.
The more You think about it, the more you burn in the dark.
The little hand was in a beautiful robe, and he made a wrinkle.
"Where to conduct the assessment?" No more time to waste time when the night is clear.
The old man's mouth corner, the bottom of the eyes skimmed a little sly, white robe a wiggle, the square in the middle of the upper baboon, slightly shake down.
Immediately, under the upper pagoda, a door was opened.
Without saying the words, he was stared back at the old man of the wandering ghost.
There's a problem with this door?
The expression of the three husbands was obviously very surprised.
He's still really persistent... In order to accept her as an apprentice, it is simply a struggle.
Night fall deep breath, no matter what the wandering ghost moved, as long as it is the examination of ten assessment, she is no problem!
Immediately, she stepped up and made her way to the pagoda.
Suddenly, a cyclone in the sky brought a storm-like atmosphere, the whole sky will be shrouded.
The original sunny weather, in this moment, the black pressure of a piece, gloomy terrible.
Onlookers are attracted by the powerful atmosphere, the line of sight brushed to see the past.
The sky, from far and near, revealed a few figures.
"Well... that's a big, What is that! "
"Nine-tailed fox! It's actually a nine-tailed fox! "
"Is it... He's coming? "
See the black pressure of the sky, a white nine-tailed fox, hanging in the air.
The nine-tailed fox's limbs are burning sparks, nine long tails, swinging with the wind.
Around the nine-tailed fox, there were four men dressed in black.
The nine-tailed fox slowly settled on the main stage, completely the three husbands behind.

The three husbands were all stood up, respectfully greeted the front, toward the nine-tailed fox deeply bent down.
A figure, leaping off the back of the nine-tailed fox.
The man struck a purple chinese dress, jinyu belt, a hair only by a wooden stick fixed.
The wind, like the clouds, spread.
That magnificent face, with a very shallow smile.
Clearly is laughing, that is so exciting, but also feel creepy.
The gas field of the world is sly and sly.
Heavy pressure in the hearts of all present, people subconsciously want to kneel down to surrender.
Between his fingers, with a blood-colored ring, he jumped with a hidden fire.
"Lord King ... It's the Emperor!"
"The world can tame the holy beast nine-tailed fox, also only the emperor of the lord!"
"The dragon sees the emperor at first and last... Is it to watch the ability assessment of Upper Xuan College? "
After recognizing the identity of the emperor, everyone was boiling.
Lord, the most powerful man in nirvana.
And is the first palace in the world - the emperor palace master.
That's the man who is called legend.
He is mysterious and powerful.
No one knows how big his power is, and no one knows how powerful he is.
"Meet the Emperor."
Behind the three husbands came back to God, got up, and knelt down behind the emperor.
They were the highly respected people of Shangxuan College, and they were always the ones who tied them down.
Standing in front of Tim Hyun, all of them high esteem, were killed by seconds into slag.
As soon as the men knelt, the people in the square also knelt down.
Only, the main trial table under the two people, stand straight, particularly conspicuous.
The night's down brow: What's he doing here?
The haunted and the night fell side by side, a pair of treacherous eyes, revealing a little fine light.
"Seven sisters, don't mess around! Get down on your knees!"The night light at the sight of the night fall still standing, immediately scolded.
She looked up again, and when her cheeks were red, the girl's heart jumped.
The emperor really as rumored that, Jun's red heart beat, a pair of eyes fixed on him, it has been unable to move.
The cold wind knelt on one side, see the light look of the night, jun brow tight into a ball, the bottom of the eye skimmed a touch of disgust.
The night fell at the root of the lazy to care for them, in this tens of thousands of people silent, surrender to the emperor under the momentum of the lord, walking, straight to the xuan pagoda to go.
A clear voice, such as mellow wine, into the eardrum, intoxicated.
The night cleared the pace of a meal, frown.
Kneeling on the ground that tens of thousands of people, one by one look up, left look right to see, wondering who the emperor called.
But the delay did not see people go to the emperor Moxuan.
Following his sight, one by one looked past the night.
Night clear mouth corner a draw, she knew, Di Moxuan called her.
She doesn't want to be famous in this way!
With the Di Mo Xuan related, she will also become the object of public discussion!
The night fell immediately to lift the legs, speed up the pace to go up the baboon.
On the main stage, the man who was standing on the shore, the thin lips of the princess thin, the eyes slightly raised.
Earth, a vertical, man has been affixed to the night.
His long arms were on the waistof of the night, with long hair spilling over her shoulders.
"If you don't come, I'll be there."
Air, as if to be solidified in general.
The atmosphere was strange lying a little scary.
The face of the night, suddenly black: "let go!"
Tim Hyun put his head on her shoulder: "A few days do not see, Fall do not want me?"
"No!" Without hesitation, the night fell in the corner of the eye twitching, "You are the emperor, so pesterme a waste, not afraid of making jokes?"
"Who dares to laugh?" The dark eyes of the diink squint sipers glanced around the eyes, the lips and corners of a very shallow sneer, "who laughs, this respect will destroy who."
That momentum of the world, oppression of the people present, who dare not make a half-sentence sound.
"..."Do you want to be so overbearing?
Night fall at this time is a profound understanding, what is called fist big is the hard truth, what is called strong for respect.
Come to watch the ability assessment, the big to be non-rich is expensive.
The four major families, the four major sects, the forces of all parties and so on, have sent representatives to come.
These people in the nirvana boundary, wherever they go, are much touted, knotted.
However, in front of Tim Hyun, they are humble like ants.
No one dares to laugh, no one dares to make a half-sounding sound.
Tim Hyun retracted his sight, in the night when the look on the face has been dyed soft: "A fall, do not ask me where these days go?"
"Where have you gone, and what do you do with me?" The night fell cold and smiled, broke free of his hand around him, and looked at him.
A pair of slightly flattery, cold and cold, no extra emotion.
The words of the night, though so harsh.
But her heart, but inexplicably there is a sense of relief.
Fortunately, Tim Hyun did come back.
The last time the two were unhappy, it was as if it had never happened.
This thought, make the night's heart suddenly trembling.
She immediately dropped her eyes, curly eyelashes like butterfly wings, gently incited a few times, slightly flustered.
"I went to the hospital test first." The night fell and turned away.
Wrist, once again by the emperor Mo Xuan held: "wait."
The slender five fingers, relaxed around the circle of the hand.
The circle of night-clearing staring at the wrist was warm, and there was no resistance to the initial.
"Give it to you."
Tim Hyun's palms spread out, and a red feather fan floated above his palm.
His fingers moved a little, and the fan moved spontaneously into the hands of the night.
In particular, this fan through the body blood red, root red feathers, hidden lying these red currents.
Like the underworld ring, there is a mysterious force.
"This is..." The night clear finger swings the lower fan, the hand is very good, hand tight.
Emperor ink dark, narrow corner of the eye to hook out a evil charm of the arc: "courtesy."
"..."Is it amazing to say that?
Night fall there is a kind of want to return the feather fan to the emperor Moxuan impulse.
"Girl, this is a good weapon, a good weapon!" In my mind, the old man's excited voice suddenly came, "The flame fan!"
Fan?
The night clear edgling, looking incredible at the feather fan in the hand.
The flame fan, there is only one handle in the world.
Although not a legendary weapon, but it is more precious than a legendary weapon.
Because, the flame fan has a growth properties.
Can grow step by step with the user's ability.
"Girl, don't say no! A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! "
The old man is too aware of the night, afraid that she will really be the flame fan back to the emperor MoXuan, the speed of the word. 
"The other day, you didn't talk to the old man about getting a handy weapon?"
This is not the first time Tim Hyun has talked to her about this topic.
Although the heart is very clear, she and high on the emperor, there is no possibility of dog blood feelings.
Love the heart of beauty, everyone has.
She's a woman after all!
What if she's serious?
"That becomes true, isn't it?" Timmer came close to her face, warm breath, sprayed on the skin of the night.
That warm and smooth touch, so that the night clear skin up a small dragonfly.
The woman in her arms trembled slightly, and the roots of her ears became red in this moment.
See this, the diminution corner of the dime smile is more intense.
The night fell and heard his smiling voice, his cheeks red.
How does he know what she's thinking?
And what does he mean by that?
Then it becomes real... What kind of ghost?
Can you not always say something that makes people misunderstand!
Night fall in the bottom of the heart silently for the emperor's sister-in-law skills, anger point thirty-two praise!
You can't think about it, you can't have too many ideas!
Night fall to their own sleep, spin that deep breath, suddenly elbow lift, followed by lifting the leg, back kick.
Tim hyun seems to have long anticipated the night to clear the move.
The body is slightly side-to-side, arm-in-arm, relaxed to block the night-clearing attack.
Take this opportunity, the night clear body shape a rotation, bright as the sunset robes flying, like a blooming flame rose.
The wrist suddenly broke away from the clamping of the emperor mohyun.
The night fell five steps away from the emperor Moxuan.
"The flame fan I received, count I owe you a person, he will be the same newspaper every day!" The night-clearing index finger stirred the fan, hands together, and punched at the emperor Moxuan.
With that, the man turned and went in the direction of the tower.
Behind him, the deep tweezers of the emperor ink, such as the obsidian- and dark, treacherous do not see the half-color.
People around the breath, the heart is playing a small drum.
"Get up." Tim Hyun slowly turned, the face of the look, has restored the usual cold and noble.
He walked slowly towards the main table.
Three husbands immediately gave way to the position, one by one as a flattering stand on both sides of the Emperor Moxuan, carefully waiting.
There is a question in everyone's mind.
Why did the emperor know the seven ladies of the Night House?
And feelings... It's obviously extraordinary!
Especially at night, the whole face is completely distorted.
Last night clearance has a side of the corner of the emperor Moxuan, she is guessing the relationship between the night and the emperor Moxuan.
But for a long time has not seen the dymo-hyun and the night-clearing contact, and from the captain chiya there to hear, Emperor MoXuan is just a momentary interest in the night.
Today, the night is shallow is to see for yourself... Tim Hyun's attitude towards the night's clearance.
That look, full of pampering!
A waste, notorious waste, with what to get the emperor's dignity of the adult's favor?
Emperor will like the person, should be her night shallow only right!
The bottom of the heart of countless uneven, so that the night light in the bottom of the heart of the determination, she will be the emperor Ink Xuan firmly into the hand of the heart!
She can take the cold wind from the hands of the night, still can also be from the night clear hands, will be the emperor MoXuan snatched!
Little left tone, a natural look.
Lo was a little surprised by his words, and he was surprised.
That's it?
In the garden, Fangchi Xia followed Luo Yibei out of the two people's vision, then quietly pushed Luo Yibei's hand open, 'I can go on my own'.
Lowe Bei looked at her strangely, but did not insist.
Two people one after another back to his villa, considering that now small left can jump around, Fang Chixia decided to leave the Luo family.
Who knows just returned less than a morning, Luo Yibei followed also moved back.
before and after and she was only a few hours away.
As soon as she left, he immediately moved out, not even worried about whether the family would want more.
Back home, Fang Chixia is ready to go out and children face shopping, see suddenly came back to him, she had some surprise, 'How come you also came back'?
'Have an opinion?' Loybei slow-bars as he walked into the room, unbuttoning his shirt.
Fang Chixia was dumbed down by him.
This is also his home, he came back, how dare she have an opinion?
It was just that she didn't expect him to come back with her so soon.
It's good to be back two days late, at least not to make people think much.
'I'm going out with Yan, and I probably won't be back so early in the evening'. And he confessed, want to go outside, the wrist cold to be pulled by him.
'What's the matter'?
'It's all right, I'm just free', he said. Lowe Bei lazy back to her sentence, down to tone, and added, 'Tell her you don't use this afternoon, let her next time'.
Fang Chixia and Tong Yan are early to speak, this is also her private matter, she and his marriage is only closed to return to the room when there is only intersection, what right does he have even her such things also interfere?
She spoke with pride, and looked at him with a little provocation.
Luo Yibei frowned, slightly squinting, eyes at an extremely slow speed from her face swept, lips raised a touch of contempt, face does not change color dropped a sentence, 'If you want to three consecutive nights do not sleep, Miss Fang can ignore what I just said'.
Fangchi summer night and last night in Luo's home did not have a good night's sleep, plus tonight, just the third night.
He's threatening her!
Luo Yibei cold humming, and regardless of whether she promised or not, big hands to her body a probe, groping her body of the mobile phone, in front of her face to call the child.
'She's not free today'. Very simple sentence, want to hang up the phone, but the child's face is wondering, 'Why'?
'With her husband, have an opinion'? Lowe Bei answered without changing color.
The boy's side seemed to be choked by his words, half a voice.
Luo Yibei hung up the phone, the mobile phone back into FangchiXia's hand, if nothing to pull her hand, to help him organize his shirt button just unbuttoned.
He thought Fangchi summer will be at home, he thought she did not have a good rest for two nights, today should be called a good rest, he would have been ready to come back to rest, did not expect her to go out.
He unbuttoned his shirt because she's now buttoning it back, or because of her!
Fang Chixia stared at the row of noble buttons on his shirt, slightly annoyed by his authoritarian behavior, and wanted to raise his hand to give him a fist.
The collar of his clothes was pulled down, but there was no movement, but it was swept by Luo Yibei's eyes and hung down.
"What are you doing?" Lowe's eyes glanced at her deep, shallow folded collar, frowning.
Fang Chixia patted his collar, if nothing to help him straighten out his clothes, low eyebrows one by one to help him to untie the buttons tied back.
After all right, the two left the villa together.
Lowe North very aggressive to hang up the phone of the child, pushed off Fangchi Xia and tong Yan said good date, she drove her to the downtown commercial center.
Then, also did a thing to make Fangchi Summer more speechless.
After taking her in, one afternoon, he asked her to help buy his things.
She was directed into a menswear store, asked her to help choose a few shirts, and even asked her to pay for them without changing her face.
Fang ChiXia carrying large and small shopping bags, until out of the mall did not understand what his sudden behavior this afternoon for.
His vision is so picky, what is needed, even if he does not have time, there are so many assistants and servants, why let her choose?
More let Fangchi Xia did not think is, why she still pay?
Two people one after the car, Luo Yibei to the driver's seat position, took her bag, opened a look, looked at her one afternoon because he became empty purse, the corner of the eye.
But there is no reflection meaning, "This is the point of home?" 
"You don't always know?" Fangchi Xia sat up, put a few shopping bags on him, look at his wallet, a little flesh pain.
Her wallet has not been bulged, there is no money, how he is so interesting to use her?
How could he be so funny?
Loybei glanced at several bags on her knees, picked up yang in front of her, and ticked the hook in the corner of her lips, "This, as a gift to me." 
Fang ChiXia heart is actually very unhappy, he this is called send?
When someone wants someone to send something, is he who takes people directly to the mall, instructs someone to choose for him, and even pays for someone else?
He's just blackmail!
Fang Chixia did not understand, he is so rich, any card can not be finished, why blackmail her so small money?
Good limited edition do not wear, why prefer to let her send?
Luo Yibei also did not explain, the eyes are still in the next few shopping bags to glance, if nothing happened to drive away.
Mood, it seems that there is a little good!
Both are out, and the dinner is directly with her outside.
Go to a very styled Western restaurant, by the sea.
Enter the restaurant, find a place to sit down, Luo Yibei just picked up the menu, has not ordered, the phone ring at this time suddenly rang up.
Fang Chixia is sitting next to him, did not sit opposite, very easy to hand him the phone, "your phone." 
When the phone picked up, her eyes casually glanced on the screen, only to catch a glimpse of two words - Su Dying.
Fangchi Xia xia, holding the mobile phone hand frozen.
Lowe North laid down the menu and took the call from her.
"Elbe..." The beautiful female voice came from the other end of the phone, calling him very close.
After a word, the other end of the phone seemed silent for a while.
Fang Chixia sat next to Luo Yibei, and he was very close to him, when he answered the phone, the phone just held close to her side of the ear.
Such a distance, FangchiXia can clearly hear the voice of the people on the phone.
With such a short sentence, nothing else, she seemed to hesitate to say.
Lowe North slightly a slight, the expression on the face for a few seconds solidified.
Next to the square pool summer is also a swathe, holding the menu is preparing to order the hand, slightly frozen.
Lowe's north line of sight side, the corner of the eye remains silent to see her direction.
Fangchi Xia summer light-hanging face raised, eyes are also looking at him.
In contrast, she didn't seem to expect the two men's sight to hit, her face slightly uncomfortable, her eyes panicked and wrong.
With her head down, she continued to order her own meal with the menu.
Luo Yibei in Su dyed after the words of silence for about a few seconds of time, faintly back a sentence, "after it will be said again!" 
A few simple words, hung up the phone.
Fangchi Xia turned the menu over one page after page, the speed is still very fast, however, look at nothing feel.
In the end, the whole book was turned over, but it was a dish that didn't have a lot of food.
Lowe-North picked up another book and called the restaurant's French waiter, fluent in French, for a whole host of meals.
Once the meal came in, and then the time, the box suddenly became a little quiet.
Neither man spoke, and the meal was silent from beginning to end.
Back on the way back, Luo Yibei suddenly received a phone call from Luo Xixuan, said that luo Yibei to replace him to the branch of Nice, France to manage for a period of time.
Luojia domestic and foreign branches a lot, Nice side has been LuoXiXi in the management, recently because he and the sand weaving star planned a Nordic trip, so temporarily this side of the matter transferred to LuoYiBei, time, a month.
Loxi's arrangement, Luo Yibei generally will not refuse.
Nice, he has to go.
At the end of the phone, his eyes looked silently in the direction of Fangchi Xia.
Fang Chixia sitting on the sofa in the group to take care of hair, if nothing to amuse it, and it talk and laugh, and no matter whether people can not understand.
Luo Yibei stood a few meters away, quietly looking at her, staring at her for a moment, if nothing, he said, "I will go abroad for a while." 
Fangchi Xia is pulling the hands of the two claws of the regiment, eyes slightly slow.
Loyter watched her reaction quietly, and said, "Go to Nice, France." 
He was observing her reaction and listening to Luo Xixuan say what she thought of it.
Fang Chixia was surprised by his words.
He has not gone abroad, in such a high position, it is common to go abroad.
However, on previous occasions, he never took the initiative to tell her about the trip.
Two people like a stranger, where he is going, he went straight away, except for the evening, she did not exist around him like.
But now, he offered to talk to her, not even need her to ask.
Fang Chixia never spoke after his words, was silent for a long time, and his face slowly lifted up.
"I know. If nothing else replied, she hugged the regiment and continued to help her comb her back.
Her voice was very faint, and it felt as if she did not mind at all.
Lowe North frown edaper wrinkled, so she, unprovoked let him a little uncomfortable, but did not say much, turned up on the stairs.
Fang Chixia stayed down for a long time, and when he came up, he had bathed, sitting on the sofa in a bathrobe, as if waiting for her.
"Haven't you slept yet?" Fang chichi xia, for such a surprise to him.
Lowe Bei was only a faint "hmm" sound, staring at her quietly.
"I'll take a bath first." 
Fang ChiXia took back his eyes and smouldered his head to the bathroom.
She's very fast today, usually not a few dozen minutes won't come out, tonight ten minutes to solve.
After coming out, I didn't look at him, and He took a towel and wiped his hair.
"Nice, I'll go for a long time." 
Lowe Bei looked at her, cold and defensive.
He raised the volume a little high, as if she hadn't heard it.
"I know. "
Fangchi xia side to him, wiping the hair of the hand did not stop for a moment. Such she, see Luo Yibei eyes sank.
"Isn't there anything to say?" And he reminded himself of his collar.
Tone, it seems to have brought so little expectation, just, very light very light, Fangchi xia did not hear it. Fangchi Xia xia, some do not understand the meaning of his words.
What does she have to say when he does the right thing?
Loybelooked her quietly, her face seemed to be more dull, but she could not bear how.
A pull her into her arms, grabbed the towel in her hand, and helped her wipe it up.
His movements were not gentle at all, but, however, were not as rude as they had been, and the plain white towel went to her head with a bag, a wisp of her wiping her hair.
Fang Chixia obviously did not expect that he would suddenly make this action, relying on his arms of the body obviously stiff.
Elo Ebe's character, did not enslave her to help him do such a thing, it is very good.
Fangchi Xia looked up at him, his eyes a little shy.
"Sleep." 
Lo Yibei also did not explain, self-care to help her dry long hair, hit and pick up her to the bed.
Throw her into bed, lie down, arms from behind to her arms, press her body to attach to her chest. That's what he said, but when he went to bed, his eyes didn't close.
It was Fangchi Xia, the first two nights did not get a good sleep, and now finally can lay down to bed, so he circled, soon into a state of sleep.
Who knows, not fully asleep, but also by Luo Yibei woke up.
Luo Yibei stared at her back for a while, suddenly floated a sentence, "do you want to want to go with me?" 
Fangchi Xia was just shy, some surprise to his words, but this time is very tired, but did not return him.
Pretending not to hear it, she continued to sleep on her own.
Loybei did not respond to the half-point she seemed a little annoyed, ringing around her waist hand wanted to pinch her a few times, want to flip her body, she was crushed under it.
However, looking at her seems to have fallen asleep, or hold back.
Fangchi summer the next day up early, than Luo Yibei are earlier.
When I woke up in the kitchen to prepare breakfast, my head suddenly recalled the words of Loy Bei before bedtime last night.
She didn't actually take his words to her heart, but, getting up early in the morning, was suddenly remembered.
Why did you suddenly let her go with you?
Fang Chixia last night was really very sleepy, Luo Yibei said that, her head is confused.
But, in retrospect, his words were particularly clear, as if still floating in her ears.
Fangchi summer side prepared breakfast, while pondering his words, secretly speculated that he suddenly said to her purpose.
LoYi North came down a few minutes later, into the kitchen, saw her back to her, thought last night she did not ignore his words, suddenly a little annoyed.
A few steps past, standing behind her, arms around her, Jun face past, he bit her earlobe.
Fangchi Xia was shocked, the body was trembling sensitively, and the spoon in his hand nearly trembled.
"What are you doing?" side-to-side, she glanced across him.
Lowe Bei cold-eyed at her, eyes cool.
Do?
He wants to do more!
Fangchi Xia by him to see the spine cool, body turn, smouldering head to continue to do their own things.
LoYbei turned around in the kitchen for a while, picked up this look, looked at that again, turned, and turned to her.
FangchiXia by his look, the back of the rigid, hand movement, stopped.
"What's the matter?" 
Lowe North hesitated for a moment, so he asked, "Did I hear what I said last night?" 
Fang Chixia actually know what he is referring to, but for a moment did not think how to answer how to get pinchgood, can only pretend not to understand the appearance.
Loybei's eyes seemed to be a lot cooler.
Fangchi summer side turned around, still self-made their own.
Ready for a breakfast, end out, dinner, Luo Yibei's eyes unconsciously swept in her direction.
Fangchi Xia when did not see like, low hanging head if nothing to eat their own.
Loybeo was silent for a while, and asked directly again, "Nice, do you want to go with you?" 
Fang Chixia took the hand of the cutlery for a moment, it seems that he would be so insistent.
For so long that the two had been married, all her enthusiasm for her had been closed at night.
As for the rest of the situation, he has always been cold, not only to her, but also to others, by nature.
Now this situation where he takes her everywhere, obviously not for him and her.
Between him and her, the normal mode of getting along should be that he wants to go out, she is happy to send him out, and even glad that he is not so many days away.
This time, Luo Yibei, so that Fangchi Xia is very unexpected, but also do not understand.
Fang Chixia has been silent, did not say good, also did not say bad.
Loybewas was a little annoyed by her behavior, and her face was cold to ice from start to finish.
After breakfast went upstairs, he simply sorted out some things to take abroad, changed clothes to walk down, his head did not go back to the door.
Fangchi summer eye corner after light side, silently looked at his left the back, staring at him for a long time.
By the time he had gone to the garden, she suddenly stopped him, "Loybe! "
Lowe's north back ridge slightly stiff, foot of the pace to live.
The corner of the eye was over, and his eyes looked in her direction, waiting for her to open her mouth.
Fangchi Xia step by step to his side, a face if nothing to ask, "If accompanied to Nice, good or bad also because of business travel, C City, the long fly ingenuity and fly back, so toss, the monthly salary double not?" 
Luo Yibei did not seem to expect that she would float such a sentence, the corner of the eye slightly smoked, along with her words, face not change color to follow a sentence, "24 hours at any time, the monthly salary is higher." 
He said this also did not feel embarrassed, but Fangchi Xia embarrassed. "Wait a minute, I'll pack up." 
He blocked the aphasia for a while, his eyes a little uncomfortable and staggered with him, she turned around, and went to the house.
Luo Yibei saw her disappeared figure, the lips slightly hooked, dark bottom of the black, faintly dyed a little bit of smile.
Fang Chixia back to the house, simply sorted out some things to take abroad, came out, accompanied him to the airport.
Luo Yibei this trip is a special plane, the whole plane only for his one person to serve.
C City to Nice more than ten hours time, the entire cabin only he and Fangchi Xia two people, waiters and crew members are separated independently, without permission, dare not enter at will.
This seems to be fang chixia for the first time to take the initiative to follow Luo Yibei out, two people married so long, the only time.
Lowe Bei had been staring at her since she got on the plane.
Fang Chixia and he sat next to each other, sitting by the window position.
The eye angle of the afterglow squinted to his eyes fell on himself, her eyes if nothing to move away, looked out of the window.
The interior of the plane is decorated with a luxurious presidential suite, in fact, there are many places to sit, even beds.
Fangchi Xia sat on a sofa, there is a little small, she would have liked to take advantage of these ten hours of good rest, who knows just sat down, Luo Yibei also sat down.
Such a small sofa, two people sitting is a little crowded.
Also by the window set, which makes fangchi summer legs have no place to put.
Even more abominable, Luo Yibei's hands and feet also do not know whether it is intentional, long arms and legs, casually put, put the space station more than half.
The arm also went through the back of her head and went straight under her nose.
In this position, she is as if she were always in his arms.
Fang ChiXia did not pinch, just feel that his hands and feet some hinder her movement, elbow pushed him, "You pass a little bit." 
Luo Yibei ignored her, arms changed posture, lazily ring ingress stoic, put her as a pillow-like, legs lazy for an overlapping posture, the body directly leaning on her body.
He is already very tall, so rely on the square pool summer, how to see how incongruous.
He didn't seem to mind himself, and the look on his face was very pleasant.
Fangchi Xia crossed his eyes, itchy.
Is she more than one more use in him? 
"Loybe, you get up! The head is sinking!" Fang Chixia pushed him with both hands.
"Noisy." Lowe's lazy return to her word, casually took a magazine to cover her face.
Fang Chi Xia, where did she quarrel?
Want to push him again, but, to see Luo Yibei obviously do not want to take care of her appearance, her impulse and resist.
The two sat in the window position, this time almost almost already close to the afternoon, the sky has the sun showered in.
Warm, very pleasant.
Luo Yibei lazy by the square pool xia, the body leaned on her, the book to the face after a cover, he never said anything.
He seemed to be asleep, initially with his back on her body, and then probably felt that the sofa was too small, his legs and feet were not convenient to put on, he fell asleep, and he had his head rested directly on her lap. An action, let the square pool summer back spine frozen.
He did not know whether he had not noticed or intentionally, and did not move it when he went up on the headrest.
FangchiXia was his pillow place very uncomfortable, would like to push him away, but, after the hand out, listen to his shallow shallow suspected sleeping breathing, and resist the impulse.
In fact, such a long flight trip, if he sleeps all the way is good for her.
It's better than waking two people face to face.
To Luo Yibei's character, such a long time, Fang Chixia does not believe that he will be safe points, even if two people are on the plane.
Eyes turned out of the window, Fang chixia did not see him again.
C City to Nice, halfway across a lot of places, the weather outside the window is also unpredictable.
The first ten minutes are still in a clear sky, and the next ten minutes are cloudy.
By the time it was about a sea above, the temperature in the cabin suddenly cooled a lot.
Fang chixia groped out a bed single, want to put on their own body, has not wrapped up, eyes can not help lying on her face.
Before Loyibe, she was not sure whether he was really asleep or simply did not want to ignore her, but now he, she felt that should have been asleep.
Quietly looked at him, Fang Chixia stared at his seiko carved face for a while, do not know how he is, even ghostly make the hand of the single cover on his body.
Loybei's closed eyes suddenly opened, her eyes fixed on her face.
Fang Chixia's body is poured over, face just above his head, hand again by him so pressed, the body by him forward slightly belted.
And Loybei was lying flat, her head resting on her lap. Such a gesture, it looks like fangchixia is coming together to kiss him.
Two people's faces are very close, the four eyes are opposite, FangChiXia can even clearly see their own in his eyes the miniature. 'Miss Fang, what are you doing'?
'There's a long time to stay in Nice, where you have to go, eat, live, work, you have something, and it's me who's in trouble.
Fang Chixia was seen by him some uncomfortable, if nothing for his own behavior to find a reason, want to pull back, Luo Yibei one arm suddenly hooked her back of the head, pressed her head down, lips with his lips kissed down.
Festino handed her one of the glasses of wine, and he was casually drinking with the other.
Fang Chixia stared at the wine he brought over a glance, glimpsed the floating red cherries inside, eyes slow.
Festino brought the wine is the fresh square pool summer in the inside of the one, has a very beautiful name, called the angel kiss, beautiful wine glass inside also placed a red cherry.
Taking a sip of the glass of wine, her eyes were a little uncomfortable and wrong.
"Come by yourself tonight?" Festino seemed to be laid-back, didn't mean to leave when he sat down, and even chatted with her with a lot of fun. 'No, I don't'. 
Fangchi Xia faintly denied.
'Oh'? Festino was a little surprised by her answer, but accepted it quickly, even adding, 'Yes, one person, how unsafe'.
Fangchi Xia, the face slightly sideways, some did not understand the meaning of his words.
Festino didn't explain too much, just playfully spit out a sentence, 'Men more occasions, are not safe'.
He always seemed to speak so loose, at any time with a bit of playful taste, that feeling, as if in the play.
Fang Chixia quite agree with his words, followed by his words, followed by a sentence, 'You also look quite unsafe'.
She spoke quite directly, speaking out in her heart about Festino.
This man is like a poison, a fatal attraction to women, easy to stop the fall, it does not look like a good kind.
Festino did not seem to expect her to speak so a shot of blood, so a moment, and then suddenly haha laugh out of the sound.
'Is it'? So you're going to avoid it? He put on a smile on his face, and he joked with her.
Fang ChiXia actually thought, all day to face such a man, she has long been good-looking people have immunity, as far as the danger, she does not have to worry.
What else can he do with so many people tonight?
But she couldn't have said so much to Festino.
'First time here? I'll show you around'! 
Standing up, if nothing had happened to tidy up her clothes, his hand naturally pulled her out of the villa.
An action, let Fangchi Xia, want to shake his hand away, Fesno but stubbornly pulled her will not let go, the pace even accelerated, from just walking, into a run.
His legs are very long, the footsteps are very fast, the strength is very big, Fangchi Xia hand can not break free, can only passively follow him to run outside the villa, 'Hey, where are you taking me?" Hands go first'! 
'Near, you should like it'! Festino was just lazy to respond to her, and took her to continue to run outside.
In the corridor, two people running one after another, unknown people looked still thought to rush to a date.
A snow-white corridor, bright lights, long road, a glance at only two people figure.
Occasionally a few servants passed by and caught a glimpse of Festno, only to give him a courtesy, and then quietly retreated.
Fangchi Xia the whole passive follow him, running, while distinguishing what that taste is.
Gasoline!
Fangchi summer, the footsteps suddenly stopped.
Why is there such a thing in the villa?
In a corridor far from the two, a waiter dressed up appeared to walk casually.
It was just that when no one was around, the tray with the end of his hand tilted sharply, and the contents of the bottle, all of which fell out.
The design of this villa is very complex, a variety of corridors, staggered, and people are all in the banquet hall, what happened outside, and no one is aware.
Fangchi Xia stayed in place, still meditating.
Festino also seemed to sense the unusualness around her, holding her hand loose and stopping. 'Why is this so'?
Fangchi Xia took a few steps back and continued to smell the smell around.
Each way to and from the road a few steps, the taste will become a little deeper, the source, directly to the banquet hall!
Fangchi Xia, thought for a moment, the face suddenly raised up.
In Festino's uncanny gaze, she suddenly ran to the banquet hall at the end of the corridor.
Don't go in! Festino called her at the back.
'The banquet hall is dangerous, there are many people inside'! Fangchi summer head also did not return, still running in it.
She ran very fast, and the dress had a long hem, presumably tripping, and she was lifted by the ropes.
Fisno wanted to keep up, and a few entourage suddenly ran in from outside the house, pulling him away, 'Sir, it's not safe here'! Let's get out of here first'! 
'Let go'! Festino pushed away the hands of several people, want to continue to walk inside, but again by a few people pulled, 'Sir, listen to us, go out first'!
Festino's angry fist struck the pillar on the side of his body, and did not move forward, but did not follow.
hall.
After accompanying a few acquaintances to chat, Luo Yibei also sensed the unusual nature of the night.
That smell of gasoline, accompanied by the wind blowing in from time to time, in fact, in the crowd of so many banquet hall, is not very obvious, especially on the scene there are so many women on the perfume taste cover.
However, his sense of smell is sharper than that of ordinary people, and he can sense something that is not perceived by the general population.
Want to leave, but this time Fangchi Xia also do not know where to go.
On the phone, accidentally found that the mobile phone came here without a signal!
Even the signal was blocked, and it seems that the bureau was set up here tonight.
I just don't know who this game is for.
'Fangchi Summer'! Pushing away the crowd, Loybei's gaze patrolled the scene, looking up from place to place.
There are many people at the scene, everything in order, it seems that no one is aware of the anomaly.
The atmosphere around it was very treacherous.
danger, it seems, could be triggered at any time.
Luo Yibei is not in the mood to manage so many unrelated people, but, Fangchi Xia thing, he can not ignore.
'Fangchi Summer'! Loybei looked for a long time and didn't find anyone, and his eyes became a little messy.
There was only a sound of a thinly shredded guest chatting around, and no response came.
'Fangchi Xia - 'Luo Yibei pushed the crowd away a few steps, ready to walk out of the hall to continue to look for, but at a glimpse not far toward the original picture of the people here.
Fang Chixia stood in the corridor, she seemed to run very fast, sweaty on her forehead, the hem is still lifted, that looks a little sloppy.
She was somewhat surprised to see anxiously as to look for someone.
Two eyes on, she seems to want to say something, but scruples to the relationship of time, and endure.
With his brief eyes, she took her eyes back, took a few steps forward, calmed down, calmly began to evacuate a large crowd still in the hall, 'Listen to me, it's not safe here, it could trigger an explosion at any time. Now, everyone find a way to find the nearest exit channel, hasten to leave this villa, the fastest speed, fast'! 
Luo Yibei obviously did not expect that she knew there was danger and ran back, quietly listening to her words, quiet lying opened a ray of microwave.
Fangchi Xia side looked at him, hand reached over, took the initiative to hold his hand.
Lowe's actually wanted to ask her a lot of things, but the situation is urgent, there is not so much time for response.
'Let's go'! The big hand held her hand tight, and he took her strode out of the villa.
The smell of gasoline in the villa is still spreading.
Seems to be getting thicker, more and more thick.
Even in the wind, there is a sleaky.
Lowe North people high, long legs, running up a lot faster than the square pool summer.
Fangchi Xia ran numb legs, eyes some flowers, even how to leave this villa do not know.
Two people figure, just rushed out of the gate, the villa was first by a point of a huge explosion, followed by the whole villa is burning up.
The thick flames sprang up and went straight into the sky.
The whole sky was shrouded in fire.
Fang Chixia stood outside, panicked and gasped for a few breaths, his face slowly lifted up.
The fire in the villa is very large, by the outside part is slightly better, banquet hall area, has been completely engulfed by the flames.
Lowe Bei looked at this scene without a sound, eyes very heavy.
Such a big accident, obviously is a well-established bureau.
It's just, who's coming for tonight?
Not far away, Festino sat in the car, silently looking at the two people here, thinking just clearly ran out and ran into the square pool summer, eyes very dark, seems to be meditating on what.
'Sir, are we leaving'? The driver in front of him looked over his side and respectfully consulted him.
Festino went back to God and did not immediately answer his question, but turned the conversation to what had just come, 'What information did you know in advance'?
'Sir, we also got the news a few minutes before the explosion that someone might have set up an ambush here tonight'. The housekeeper next to the driver answered respectfully.
'Who's coming at it'? With his fingertips tapping on the phone's screen, Festino asked again.
The housekeeper in front hesitated, and he replied, '... You'.
Festino was first snorted, but he was not surprised.
High sin, this is his childhood to understand the truth.
Stand high, the enemy will naturally more!
Outside the window, Fangchi Xia was taken by Luo Yibei towards the two men's car direction.
She didn't seem to see the side, and after loei-bee got in the car, the two left.
Festino looked at the scene quietly, looking sideways to the side of the entourage asked, 'That is Rongxi now home'?
How did he not find anymore on the carriage when he came along the way?
The bottom of the red make-up eye is covered with a smile, and the emperor is helpless: "The birch."
Listening to this familiar sound, the birch looked into disbelief, "You are the king?"
"Yes, the Princess's easy-to-face skills are good!" "The red makeup smile.
See the hundred red makeup affirmed their own guess, the corner of the mumouth can not help but twitch up.
Home less lord has always been beautiful, but now has become a countryman, it is too funny!
"If you want to laugh, it's not good to get sick."
"Haha..." As he looked at Thei beiji's face, he laughed, "Haha, that's so funny!" Master, The King is really ugly to the extreme, haha ... Ugly! "
See the millilet smile tears are coming out, dibei-sun shineave, indifferent to open: "Mother, Birch year-round follow me, in order to hide identity, he is also easy to accommodate." As for the appearance of Yirong, how to say also have to be more ugly than me! "
The beech choked, thinking of this pair of honor, he is really unacceptable ah.
"Sir, I was wrong, you adults do not remember the villain, let me spare this time."
"Sir, I will never smile at you again. "
"Princess, his men are so fond. "
In the end, the belle red makeup and the Emperor's Beiji did not heed the behemoth's plea, directly the birch Yirong into a more ugly and frustrated big man.
Originally miserable to see the emperor beiji has a more ugly birch to do contrast, but it seems to look a lot better.
Beech bowed to look at the emperor and the red makeup, these two guys are simply a wolf for adultery ah!
It's just too bad to bully an honest man like him!
Presented in front of the hundred-mile red makeup is a huge valley, green trees, beautiful scenery.
Thundered!
The sound of the waterfall washed down is scary and clear, just listen to this sound, the hundred red makeup will understand that the scale of the waterfall is not small.
Water vapor came face to face, in this sunny cloudless weather is a good enjoyment, even the original depressed mood is gradually empty.
"Ma'am, what do you think of this place?" Dibei asked with a smile.
Belle red makeup satisfied with the nodding, "very good, better than I thought."
"The girl is satisfied. "
Baili red makeup turned to the mule looked at the two big men next to him, said: "Then I will go to the waterfall to practice, you feel free."
Voice fall, baili red makeup also no longer care about the Emperor Beiyu and birch, originally she was intended to practice on their own, as for these two guys to do here have nothing to do with her.
Looking at the hundred sledging red makeup gradually fade away the back, birch puzzled lookated at the emperor, "less Lord, so let the princess one person to practice?"
"She practiced her, what can I do?"
"So what are we doing here?" "
"Take you away."
"The scenery here is so good that let's just practice it together."
"Okay. "
Beech helpless, he is understand, less Lord came here just to determine the safety of the princess, did not expect that one day the young Lord and their own role has become a guard.
Belle red makeup went to the waterfall, looking at the ten-year-high waterfall, eyes flashing complex light.
Now this physical quality is too weak, only through training can be improved, just such a huge waterfall, if standing under it, the process must be extremely tragic.
"I was young, and although I had heard about it, I had not taken it to heart, and Many of the details were not clear to me. "
"I'll send someone to look into this information, " sighed the north of the city. "
"Thank you. "
Now she is not strong enough to touch that level, if there is the help of Emperor Bei, she can also know more about the matter.
However, the heart of the Emperor Beibei is unprecedentedly heavy.
If the identity of baili red makeup is really so, then the enemy of baili red makeup is not the whole blue house?
Although he and the time he spent with the hundred red makeup is not long, but he is very clear to the brim red makeup sex, once determined the facts, she will choose revenge!
By then, i'll be afraid of being unusually miserable.
I had nothing to say all night.
Baili red makeup immersed in the blue family letter on this news, although not yet sure of this news, but after knowing the blue cloud thing, she vaguely has a hunch, this is her life!
She believed that blue cloud yun yu can never inexplicably and blue family against the enemy, which must have happened to make him can not hide things, this will choose to take his wife and daughter together to leave the blue house.
Originally she only thought that her parents are ordinary people, even if they were chased, if lucky there is a possibility of survival.
Now know that parents are the blue family people chased, the blue family is what strength, once the nest out, then they live the possibility ... It's too small.
Even if it wasn't clear what had happened, she could have imagined how tragic it had been.
Emperor Beiyu is also a sleepless night, there is no denying that the identity of the red makeup brought him too much shock.
Even if she is not the birth daughter of Bai Li Zhentao this news can not be more than the blue daughter of the news, the reason is absolutely not simple.
The day just clear, the two people got up early, today they have to take the lead into the palace to thank the Queen of the Queen's grace.
At the same time, the things of the King's pro-yuan are also spreading in the streets, the hundred miles of the ripples left the scene so that the people feel.
"It was that General Baili took the lead in severing the father-daughter relationship with the princess, and it is no wonder that the princess would marry from the makeup garden. "
"In my opinion, General Baili is only afraid of regret to the intestines are green, he did not expect the princess would be so outstanding. "
"Compared to, Baili Yuyan is really not able to compare with the princess ah, the training talent is outstanding and how?"
General's office has become the most discussed, has been, because of the existence of the baili red makeup, the general's palace is very popular, now baili red makeup has become so outstanding, the general's office has become the focus of attention.
"I heard my master say, princess is a well-deserved first beauty of the imperial city, yesterday, The King into a pro, my master but went to see the ceremony!"
"Yes, I've heard, but I think the princess is more beautiful than The Daughter Li Wei. "
"To be reasonable, the princess is the first beauty ah!"
When the bailiese red makeup from the palace back to the palace, the first beauty of the city's name has fallen on her body, but the baili ese makeup is not aware.
"I went back to the house to rest. "
Baili red makeup will be followed by the Dibei, from yesterday became a relative to the present, she only felt more tired than who played a fight.
"Mother, I also want to go back to the house to rest."
Two people are very anxious, yesterday Li Wei is a face of unhappy to return home, even if the two of them how to persuade no role.
Li Chengqian is also hate on the Emperor Bei, but yesterday's thing Li Wei really do not take care, he also did not go directly to the theory of the king, can only wait until the opportunity to have a good step on the king's foot.
But early this morning, Li Wei suddenly screamed, is there something wrong?
Li Wei went to bed last night when he felt a little itchy on his face, scratched a few times and never cared.
Didn't want to get up today to get ready to dress up when suddenly found a lot of freckles on his face.
The freckles are covered with the sides of the nose, and the appearance of the original superiority is ugly because of the freckles.
The first time she went to wash her face, but any way she cleaned it, these freckles were so entrenched that they remained in her face and could not dissipate at all.
"How could this be! Li Wei touched his face in horror, "How could my face turn like this overnight?"
Immersed in the shock of Li Wei can not believe this fact, even feel that she is dreaming, this is her proud face ah!
When Li Chengqian and Zhao Wei came to the house, they saw a scene of chaos, the girl sat aside and did not dare to speak.
"Well, what's wrong with you?" Zhao Wei out of the channel.
Home daughter is what spleen she is very clear, has always suffered not to lose, but this one should not have been able to be angered Li Wei ah.
"Mother! "
With tears in his eyes, Li turned his head to Zhao Wei behind him.
See Li Yu pear flower with rain, Zhao Wei a pain, can be carefully looked at, suddenly found the change in Li Wei's face, can not help but choke.
"Well, what's wrong with your face?"
Li Wei shook his head sadly, "I don't know, I woke up today has become this look, how to do ah!"
Recall yesterday's hundred seine red makeup said, as long as there is no family, everything is possible.
She is now in this shape, will Her Highness be willing to marry her?
Li Chengqian is also changed face, his daughter is to become the queen of ah, if it becomes this kind of appearance, then how can you see people in the future?
"Hurry up and find a doctor!" Li Chengqian waved his hand and commanded the next man.
"Yes! The next man hurriedly took the opportunity to quit the house, went outside the house to find a doctor.
Li Chengqian and Zhao Wei this is a careful look up li's face freckles, the degree of this dense linen is to look at people sick, where there is a beautiful look in the weekday?
"How could this good end face be like this for no reason?"
Zhao Wei face nervous, this distance and the prince's father-in-hand days are not far away.
Once the news comes out, they will become a big joke.
After all kinds of attempts, Zhao Wei and Li Wei have determined that this freckle is growing in Li Wei's face, simply can not be cleared.
Half-witted, Li Chengqian shen channel: "From yesterday to today, you have met who?"
Li Wei wept as he said: "No one, there is no one but a conflict with the hundred red makeup."
Listen, Li Chengqian's face can not be unable to change a few points, "Is this matter related to the hundred-mile red makeup?"
Baili Yuyan was originally destroyed the matter has not been identified the cause, but baili Yuyan and baili red makeup has been a long time, this is everyone knows things.
"A hundred gold coins in the district, you can't sell, do you?" Repressed the urge to go away, the hundred red makeup calm edathis.
Dibei shyly nodded, "Disgusting! People are already your people, and what else do you say about money and no money? Talk about money hurt feelings! "
Looking at such a emperor, bailed-out red make-up, she could hardly imagine that the cousin was so shameless ah!
For a hundred gold coins even this kind of selling the play code has been staged, it seems that she wants to get this hundred gold coins is impossible.
Belle red makeup angry out, before all the face of this guy to cheat!
Said, bailed in red makeup picked up two hairballs to walk outside the crowd, she really do not want to talk to this guy more, otherwise she is afraid that she will not press again to push this guy down from the third floor ah!
"Girl, people are your people, good or bad also have to tell me the name and address ah!" Dibei shouted at the back.
Listen to, baili red makeup immediately accelerated the pace, this kind of guy is really too disgraceful, or do not know good!
"Shameless! This is the most shameless guy I've ever seen! "
Walking in the streets, a face of red makeup angry color, has always been her take advantage of others cheap, today was even the Emperor's North, the cheap, really abominable!
"A certain talent is more shameless, said good to take us out to play, a blink of an eye on us as a cushion, hum!"
"When the cushion is just, do not invite us to eat delicious, more shameless!" Hum! "
Listen to the dissatisfaction of two hair balls, the smile of the hundred red makeup slightly embarrassed, then said: "This can not blame me, originally wanted to earn a hundred gold coins to buy you food, did not expect that guy to account!" "Well, I don't believe it! "
Little Black hummed. "I don't believe it either!"
Small white with the echo.
See two guys so ghostly look, baili red makeup pretty face on a little helpless, hand in the street to buy two buns handed to the hair ball, "eat it!"
Look at the front of the bun, two pairs of grape-like eyes instantly turned into a star eye, from the meaty body out of the two thin and short hands immediately caught the bun!
The bottom of the red makeup eye is a thick smile, these two guys are really good to send off!
Little black and white have been living in the ring of chaos, relying on the force to survive, a long time did not eat, and thus out has completely become two food!
Staying in the unnoticed corner and waiting for two hairballs to finish their buns, the belle red makeup continued to walk in the street.
"Master, the shameless man just now is not simple Oh! "
Eat things of the little black has forgotten before was used as a cushion of the unhappy, seriously to the baili red makeup said the situation.
Baili red makeup willow eyebrows slightly pick, "why not simple?"
"The guy is very mental, if not wrong, he is also very strong, but I don't know why he was repaired a lot of suppression. "
Xiao Bai added. Phoenix micro, for this result of the hundred seine red makeup is not unexpected, no wonder that the guy fell from the third floor and did not panic, because this guy is not afraid!
"Repair to be suppressed?" "Deep as the pool of the dragonfly on the color of thinking, " Dibei yu from the emergence to the present has been inexplicable, legs disabled, repair and was suppressed, only afraid of a lot of secrets. "
Belle red makeup asked.
Li Wei has always been safe, until yesterday and the hundred red makeup conflict, today has become such a look, it is a coincidence.
Li Yiyi, at this moment she also can not think, just want to find a reason to blame all to the body of the hundred red makeup.
"Yes, it must be belle red makeup!" Li Wei even nodded, "Father, you must get justice for me ah!"
"Don't worry, if this is really a hundred red makeup, I will make her pay! Li Chengqian calmly face.
He is what, even his daughter dare to move, baili red makeup must be living impatient!
Soon, the doctor came and shook his head helplessly after examining Li's face.
"I'm really sorry, but I can't see the reason why Miss Li had a freckle, it's unheard of."
"There's no way?" Zhao asked reluctantly.
If Li Wei's face becomes this way, how can he see people in the future?
"In my opinion, this situation only the hundred girls of the Temple of God may have a way, other doctors want to cure it, the probability is only very small ah."
Li Chengqian's face became difficult to look, and now they suspect that the matter is the cause of the belle red makeup.
If you go to look for baili red makeup help, it is not plain white by the baili red makeup read the joke?
After the doctor left, Li Chengqian found several more doctors, the results are no different from what the first physician said.
Except for the hundred red makeup only afraid that no one can cure it again.
"Sir, in my opinion, we still look for bailie red makeup to help, as long as the old man you out of the horse, I believe the bailion makeup will give this face."
Li Wei hurriedly objected, "Go and ask the woman to help?"
She also thought about how to get the field from the hundred red makeup, if now go to baili red makeup help, then she is afraid of this life can not find back to the scene.
Zhao Yu Liu frowned, the voice of a little reprimand.
"Well, the most important thing you are now is not and baili red makeup, you want to think, as long as you become a princess, the future still worry about not having the opportunity to deal with baili red makeup?"
Li Chengqian nodded slightly, "Your mother said well, this is the case!"
See Li Chengqian and Zhao Wei attitude is resolute, Li Wei although the heart has dissatisfaction but can only promise, after all, saving this face is the most important.
However, when Li Chengqian sent people to the Temple of God to ask for the hundred-mile red makeup, but learned that the Temple of God suspended treatment, the reason is that the Princess and the king of the mountains to play with water?
He sent another person to ask for some questions, but was told that I do not know when the king and princess will come back.
This news is to let Li Chengqian family caught blind, in this critical time, the red makeup away, they are not without any way?
Compared with the difficulties of the current government, baili red makeup and Emperor Beijuan is very comfortable.
The wood was driving a horse-drawn carriage outside, while the red makeup and the emperor's bean were sitting in the car, browsing the streets.
"Now that you're out of the imperial city, you don't have to keep pretending." The belle red makeup slowly.
As a normal person, it is uncomfortable to play disabled throughout the day.
"If someone else meets someone else in the mountains, then the identity can be exposed, " he said with a faint smile. "
Since to install, can not be found any trace, otherwise all the previous dress is in vain.
Now that he was getting to know the news, he held it for so long.
Now that we can get back on your feet, you don't have to keep going!
It won't be long before he stands up right in front of the crowd!
Suddenly, the bottom of the red make-up eye appeared a sly smile, "not as good, I help you easy how to?"
Dibei picked up the eyebrows, "Will you be easy to face?"
Walking in rivers and lakes, easy-to-face surgery is also a necessary means, but the ordinary easy-to-face technique is easy to see, chat is better than nothing.
As for the real easy-to-face surgery can be said to have been lost for a long time, it is said that a thousand years ago, easy-to-face surgery can reach the point of false truth, but unfortunately now there is no.
Baili red makeup slightly nodded, "my easy-going surgery is not ordinary easy-going surgery comparable, to ensure that you are surprised."
"Since you say God is god, I'll try."
Dibei's eyes through a few spoils, he clearly saw the hundred of red makeup under the eye of the cunning, only afraid that this girl has a bad idea in mind.
After instructing the Emperor Beitou to close his eyes, baili red makeup began to be easy for The Beibei.
With such a handsome face, she has to dress up well.
"Master, the handsome looks of Emperor Bei-hee have been completely ruined by you. "
Looking at the face of the hundred red makeup easy to make out, small black can not bear to blindfold, this is simply not directly look edgy ah.
Small white is also the corner of the mouth twitch, dark decision after the offending who must not offend the master, the wedding night of the Emperor Beiyu bully master of things but now have not dissipated ah.
Look at this will be the image of the Emperor Beiyi Yirong can see the hundred seine red makeup to what extent, a good face directly destroyed ah.
Half-witted, bailed-out red makeup clapped his hands and laughed: "It's done, perfect!"
Dibei this only opened his eyes, looked at the eyebrows with a smile of the hundred red makeup, the corner of the mouth is also blooming smile.
The red makeup was all smiles and handed the mirror to The Beibei.
After taking the mirror, Dibei looked at the mirror completely changed a look of their own, the smile in the corner of the mouth has a moment of gaze.
See in the mirror is a rough man, full of scum do not say, in his mouth there is a huge black mole.
"I'm good for you! In this way, I promise no one will recognize you! "
Although the Emperor Beiyu felt helpless for this easy look, but looked at the mirror without any easy traces of their own, the black ripples in a wave.
This ease of appearance is definitely the best he has ever seen!
If it were not for his own clear-hearted, even he could not believe that it was himself.
"The mother's easy-to-face art is naturally excellent, but I do not know others see me such a rough big man can marry you such a slug i don't know how to reveal how envious the expression."
Dibei rough smile, one hand over the shoulders of hundreds of miles of red makeup, rough and bold temperament to show.
Somehow, looking at such a emperor, baili red makeup of the heart poured on a bad hunch.
It wasn't long before bailired made up and so on arrived at their destination.
"Lord, princess, the waterfall has arrived. The birch alerted outside the carriage.
Baili red makeup and the emperor bean together walked down the carriage, birch looked at the eyes of this strange and rough face, can not be reached, surprised: "Who are you?"
Belle red makeup smiled and nodded, "Next room, please!"
"Girl, this room is where we sleep." "Dibei Yuguang Ming, looking forward to the hundred miles of red makeup.
Belle red makeup picks up the eyebrows, "So... I'm going to the next room? "
Last night by this guy saw a joke, after she will never let that happen again!
"Just, I'm going to go next door."
Belle red makeup did not hesitate to close the door, the whole person was relieved, or back to the house at ease ah.
Dibei looked at the room with a smile and went into the next room instead.
If the brim red makeup came here to find that the two rooms were almost identical, long before she married, Dibei had prepared all this.
I saw the emperor north of the north clapped his hands, the birch immediately entered the house, the salute: "Less Lord."
"Someone to help me to check the blue house blue cloud thing, must be hidden, can not be found by others." "Dibei's sinking channel, the beautiful face did not reveal half a point of emotion.
Listen to the words of emperor Bei, birch a burst of doubt, they have never had any contact with the blue family, how the Lord suddenly thought to check the blue house thing?
Just look at the expression of the Emperor Bei, has been following the less Lord he is very serious at the moment, immediately dare not have any delay, "I will do it right away!"
After the birch left, the dibei light deep and distant, if all this is true, then ... How does the lily makeup get to myself?
Such a huge force, is not a hundred red makeup a person can compete, the heart is not able to help worry about the hundred red makeup.
Belle red makeup did not rest, but directly began to practice.
Originally because the royal hunting competition is on the horizon, she wants to upgrade as soon as possible, in the royal hunting race a surprise.
Since yesterday to understand the blue family things after the idea of her practice, the blue house that behemoth, if she does not have enough strength, simply do not have the qualifications to speak.
Since the rebirth of life, she will not let herself leave no regrets, and all the premise is to have strength!
Three days later, baili red makeup ready to go out of the Palace of the Temple of God, because of the family, these three people did not go to the Temple of God, today it is time to go.
However, as soon as the red makeup was ready to go, the voice of Emperor Beiqi rang up behind her.
"The lady is going to the shrine?" "
Belle red makeup turned to see Dibei in a wheelchair on top of the room, at this moment just like a smile lookated at her.
Dibei came to the side of the hundred red makeup, like a smile not smiling: "Mother, today's weather is good, why don't we go shopping?"
Listen to, baili red makeup bewildered frown, to the sex of TheIbei should not be interested in shopping things, right, how can suddenly mention with her swimming a talk?
"The girl is now good or bad is also the princess, the clothes worn in the ordinary day is too clean, it is better to put on a few, even if the ordinary day is not willing to wear, into the palace also wear a bit, how?"
Baili red makeup this only understood, no matter how she is now also the king's person, on behalf of the face of the king, attend some occasions if it is too clean, it is really inappropriate.
Belle red makeup should be right.
"The princess as the first beauty of the imperial city is indeed famous, every move is the united to the extreme."
Dibei listened to the people's talk, long eyebrows and asked: "The first beauty of the imperial city?"
"The king did not know, and now we all say that the first beauty of the city is the princess. "
"The title of the first beauty of the imperial city has been wandering around the body of The First Beauty of the Imperial City, and since the appearance of the Princess, the title has fallen uncontroversially on the Princess, " he said. "
This thing baili red makeup before listening to Dong Si-ju also said, just did not expect this title really fell on their own body, this gang, really is boring enough.
Dibei looked around the pale hundred saffron makeup, the sun-like sunshine sprinkled on her body blocked a layer of gold, not powdered Dai is still clear out of the dust, every move between the elegant and style.
"The first beauty of the imperial city, really. "
Baili red make-up slightly, looking to the emperor, see him smile warm, is sincere praise of her.
"Can the first beauty eat as a meal?" Just listen to it as a fun person. "The belle red makeup is light.
She didn't care a little bit about the title, a pseudonym. Neon Square, the city's top cloth shop, whether it is the merchant miss or the official lady love to come here to buy clothes, even though the price is much higher than other cloth shops, but its business is still very hot.
With the bailion red makeup and the Emperor's North Came to Neon, the square seems to have a moment of silence, did not expect the current popular wang and princess will come here.
This time the emperor's visit to the palace of the king has made the king's status has been somewhat improved, at least to prove that the king in the royal heart still has a certain weight, otherwise definitely will not go to the ceremony.
Even if the king is often bullied on weekdays, that only the prince, the king's generation dare to do so, others still absolutely dare not.
Neon Square boss mother Wei Ni-Yi immediately welcomed up, "King, Princess, it seems, the king must come to choose clothes for the princess?"
This is the first time Wei Niyi contact with the king and princess, only to see the king sitting in a wheelchair, the back of the spine is still straight, do not see the slightest decadent state, its beautiful appearance naturally need not say more, the elegant temperament is even more amazing.
She felt that such a king and the rumored king of the shame is very different, just out of the air and very human comparable, but unfortunately on the leg disability, otherwise it must be a generation of proud son.
Dibei faint smile, "good."
"Ma'am, do you have a look to like it?" "Dibei whispers mildly, looking at the expression of the hundred red makeup as if looking at their favorite people, and said: "The boss mother although busy with their own things, we look at it."
Listen to, Wei Ni-yi said: "That's good, if the king and princess need to be there, although shout me."
Neon square this only restored calm, baili red makeup is looking at the clothes inside the square, whether it is material, workmanship is first-class, no wonder neon square business is so hot.
At this time, another body appeared in the neon square, it is Miss Yu Xiangfu, today's princess - Li Wei.
See the hundred red makeup is also in the neon square, Li Wei can not help but shine a gaze, a touch of displeasure in the face.
Belle red makeup to choose clothes, her favorite or a plain white, but since as a princess, in the future when the court will definitely not be less.
If every time you wear a plain white dress, it is not always appropriate, and then selected a few other colors of clothing.
Suddenly, the sight of the hundred red makeup glued to a white dress, this dress white as plain snow, a little peach flowers dotted on it, not a variety, but a few silk fresh.
Thinking of the peach blossoms in the makeup garden, the bottom of the eye of the belle red make-up opened a smile, which is the most satisfying dress she looked at.
Just as the belle red make-up dress was picked up, a slender arm fell on top of the dress.
Willow eyebrows slightly raised, hundred saffron makeup looked puzzled to the woman beside, then saw Li Wei looked at her with disdain.
"This dress, I want it!"
As soon as he opened his mouth, Li Wei's voice would be impervious to the strong, and there was no allowed to resist half a point of the hundred-mile red makeup.
Baili red bead corner slowly sketched out the demon's smile, "Li girl, this dress seems to be the first to take the princess in the hand, so, it is mine."
See baili red makeup dare to refuse their own, Li Wei's face instantly became iron blue, "I said this dress is mine, it is mine!"
"I didn't know Miss Lee was acting so bossy. "Baili red makeup is still light, " but, this bully me, no matter how useful. "
The right hand slightly force, the belle red makeup directly to the skirt in the hands.
This woman even if to be arrogant also have to find the right person, her red makeup is never good bullying.
"Belle red makeup! Li Wei raised his voice, "I am the prince of the church, you dare offend me, want to die?"
Baili red makeup smile, the light is gradually cold, "Miss Li, you and the prince made a marriage contract is good, but you are not married now, but also just the future princess, not so anxious to come up with a marriage?"
"The girl's family, or hold some as well. Baili red makeup understated to look at Li Wei, its meaning is self-evident.
Li Yiyi, did not expect the baili red makeup would take this point to say things, said that she is not yet married to the prince, but the future princess.
A look at the hundred-mile red makeup arrogant appearance she felt a burst of unhappiness, the original hundred miles of jade face destroyed, she became the first beauty of the imperial city, did not expect this hundred red makeup will suddenly appear, robbed her of the name, really abominable!
Even if she used to only have a lot of feuds with baili yu Yan, and baili red makeup did not intersect, but now she feels that the hundred red makeup than baili yu Yan more hateful!
"In any case, I am the future princess, you are just a princess in the district, but also dare to call me board, do you believe I find the prince's palace down to cure you? "
Li Wei at the moment just want to press the hundred sledmhong makeup, the two emperor city's first beauty name was taken, she felt that the eyes of the people to her are different, in the ordinary days of some of the bad relations of the official lady to use this to taunt her.
Today she was in a bad mood, came to Neon Square is also want to buy two clothes to ease the mood, did not expect the friend road narrow actually encountered the main cause her bad mood - baili red makeup!
You're threatening this king's son?
Take this opportunity, no matter how she will suppress the hundred red makeup, let her understand who is the mountain chicken who is the phoenix!
"Miss Lee, you said it was the future, and come back and say these words to you until you become the real princess."
Baili red makeup action is not slow, holding the clothes on the way forward, she also want to see other skirts.
"Hundred red makeup, you're too much!" Li stomped on the foot path.
She really do not understand, this hundred miles of red makeup clearly married to a disabled king, why can still be so arrogant!
Everyone thinks that this is the next hundred red makeup should be depressed, but partial baili red makeup is still proud, completely out of everyone's expectations.
"Miss Li, if you like this slut-shaming street, I have no common interest. "
This remark out, Li Wei's face difficult to see the extreme, hundred salutary red makeup dare to say that he is a? Is the future princess of Don's church a?
The movement between Li Wei and baili red makeup has attracted a lot of attention, there are many people in the neon square on weekdays, and most of the people who come here have a certain status.
When people see Li Wei and baili red makeup meet together to know that there is a lively to see, these days, they are heard that Li Wei for the first beauty of the title was taken, has been in the palace of suffocation.
At the moment to see the battle between the hundred red makeup and Li Wei, the heart is even more dark admiration for the hundred-mile red makeup, this princess a mouth, Li Wei simply has no power to fight ah! Especially that tone, that gesture, Li Wei and she simply no comparison!
Clearly is Li Wei first to find the trouble of hundred seine red makeup, but now is the hundred red makeup anti-lesson a lesson.
"Look, Li's face is blue. "
"Because of becoming the future princess, Li Wei recently simply waved like a peacock, hate to see a person to show off her marriage contract with Her Royal Highness, I find it ridiculous!"
"The princess is indeed extraordinary ah, Li Wei this time is a hard encounter!"
All people are holding a bullish attitude towards the play, weekday can rarely see such a wonderful play code, just want to know how to end.
Li Wei strode to the front of the hundred-mile red makeup, a slightly cold face, the pride of the air made no secret.
"Hundred seine red makeup, if you do not leave this dress today, I will let you walk out of the neon door!"
There are so many people in Neon Square, if she loses face here today, how will she see people?
"Are you threatening the mother of king Ben?"
The low, magnetic sound suddenly sounded, but inexplicably through a little chill.
Li Wei couldn't but find that the sight of Emperor Beixuan was falling on his own body.
She didn't expect this time when The North Korea would suddenly make a noise, and her face could n'or sheed with some embarrassment.
However, Li Yu soon returned to the proud appearance, "Yes, if she does not apologize to me today, I will never let you leave here!"
As soon as he opened his mouth, Li Wei was even the emperor of the North.
For the identity of the Emperor Bei, she is very clear, but is a can have nothing, the former Prince Of The Prince is to torture this guy for pleasure, is she afraid of such a guy not?
The eyes of the north of the emperor were slightly squinted, and the tweezers as deep as the sea sparkled with unpleasant light.
Listen, Li's face suddenly changed, "What are you!" How dare you say so to me! "
Dibei Jun-jun slightly picked, mouth corner with a smile gradually changed into a cold arc, "say you?"
That low sound through the cold threat, the north of the dibeth of the light, a burst of momentum.
The whole person was in a state of shock.
Under the shadow of the momentum of the emperor, she felt that the body was not under her control, looking at the Emperor's North, how did she not know the strength of the emperor bean is so strong?
And...... Even the tone of speech, are so overbearing, let people do not have the courage to fight back!
"You... If you dare hurt me... His Highness will not let you go! Li said trembling.
Looking at the pair of cold mules, she first hit the bottom of her heart to feel fear.
"Who dares to threaten the crown of this king, this king will not let go of the dead man."
This word out, Li Wei heart a cool, Dibei yu is so protective of the hundred seine red makeup!
Onlookers are also completely choked, all along, we all thought that the king is easy to bully, did not expect the king to launch anger to be so terrible!
It seems that the rumors are true, the king is bent on the hundred-mile red makeup, whether it is hired or wedding banquet on top of the face of the hundred-mile shock tao is enough to prove that the king of baili red makeup heart.
Li Wei actually in front of the face of the king intended to bully the hundred red makeup, the king was angry!
See the situation is so critical, Wei Niyu hurriedly ran over, this two sides no matter who, if something happened in the Neon Square, they neon square can be to fall bad!
"Sir, Miss Li is only a momentary impulse to say such a thing, you can not and Miss Li to compare ah. "
Wei Ni-yu's face was full of smiles, but his heart was full of shock waves.
Since the king met the princess, the nature of the king has changed a lot ah, this princess is really have the ability!
Baili red makeup at the moment also out of the channel: "Li Wei, if you like to find a slug, later also have to choose a good object."
There are many ways she wants to clean up Li Wei, but it's all done in the dark, and it's not good to have a conflict on the bright side.
"Sir, you don't want to be angry with her, it's not worth it." Belle red makeup smiled.
Dibei's face only eased a few points, "since the princess spoke, the matter will stop first, if you dare to self-deprecating, this king will let you not even regret the opportunity."
See the emperor's north to take back the momentum, Li Wei the whole person almost paralysed soft down, behind the cold sweat has been seeped out.
"Sir, you go outside and wait for me, I have two words to say to Miss Li. Belle red makeup said.
Dibei nodded, and the birch immediately took the bright red dress, paid the money and then walked out of the neon square.
After the departure of the emperor, Li Yu complained about looking at the hundred seine red makeup, "I didn't think you seduce the man's man's will be not small!"
Not only the Emperor Bei, but also His Highness the Prince was also fascinated by the red make-up of the hundreds of miles!
At the original in the talent banquet is threatened to marry baili red makeup, this is her heart forever a thorn!
This thought that baili red makeup to hear this words will certainly be angry, did not think that baili red makeup is a red lip a hook, "thank you for the praise."
"I'm in a good mood today and I don't want to be in a good mood with you. "
Baili red makeup look indifferent, "I just want to say to advise Miss Li a sentence, everything should not say too early, think, I am also the future princess."
Voice syllables fall, baili red makeup no longer stay, trail left the neon square.
Looking at that gradually fade away from the thin back, Li Wei is a word can not say, she understands what the word is said.
At the beginning, baili red makeup is also a princess, but the engagement was cancelled.
Belle red makeup is reminding her that everything can happen before she becomes a true princess!
Out of the neon square, the hundred red makeup will see that the emperor is not far away waiting for her.
See baili red makeup came, Dibei lip corner with a smile, "things solved?"
Baili red makeup slightly nodded, Li Wei so provocative to her, she naturally want to give Li Wei a little lesson.
The reason why I left to say a few words with Li Yudo was not to warn her, but to do something. Her hundred salil red makeup is a person who must report her teeth!
"How could you be so generous today?" These dresses are expensive. "
Baili red makeup eyebrows, puzzled look at the Emperor Bei, just in the selection of skirts when she saw the price.
Want to ask himself to ask the Emperor Beibei to a hundred gold coins, this guy can not give.
Dibei blinked, so shyly looked at the hundred seine red makeup, "people's money is to be left to their own mother, when you did not promise me, I did not give this." In this day and age, the mother is already my man, all your expenses of course by the husband contracted. "
The arc of the corner of the red beak gradually expanded, although I know this guy is a lie, but listen to also feel good mood.
The next moment, Dibei Yan directly took out a black money card handed to the baili red makeup, "to use money directly from this card is."
Tianxiang business, San Xuan mainland all over the commercial, we all put money into Tianxiang business, use is more convenient.
Baili red makeup through the god sorority to earn a lot of money, what is only the silver card of Tianxiang business, di beiji has is actually a black card?
Tianxiang Business's money card is divided into four levels: blue card, silver card, gold card and black card.
Even the whole Fengbo country is afraid to find a black card, because Tianxiang business is all over the entire sanxuan mainland, its money naturally need not say, but this is the case, Dibei can have a black card!
The original Emperor Beiyu is not a poor ghost, but rich oil ah!
"I have enough money for myself, so keep it for yourself."
What Dibei did like this gave her the illusion that only a real couple would do so.
"Take it, you're still pre-training or focusing on it." "In my opinion, you, the temple of the gods, specialize in selling dan medicine, as to see the matter or suspended as well. "
Belle red makeup asked.
Dibei yan smile, "Mother, you are now good or bad is also a princess, if you show up to help people diagnosis and treatment, out can not hear."
"Would you care?"
Baili red make-up look light, to the character of the Emperor Bei, will not care about these.
"Don't care. "Dibei shakes his head, " but the royal hunt is there, and if you can get a good place in the royal hunt, it's good for you. "
Listening to the words of Emperor Bei, baili red makeup immediately understood his intention, and immediately nodded: "Then I will suspend the healing of the Temple of God."
If she had expected it well, Dibei also thought she was likely to be blue cloud daughter.
If she were to face the whole Blue House in the future, she would not have wasted any time on the temple.
Baili red makeup suspended the things of the Temple of God, but dan medicine is still on sale, and then returned to the Palace of the Temple of peace of mind to practice.
With only half a month left, the royal hunt is about to begin and she must improve as soon as possible.
The next day, Baili red makeup went straight into the next room to find the Emperor Bei.
"Dibei, do you know what is suitable for practice near the imperial city, such as waterfalls and so on?"
After thinking about it yesterday, she felt that staying in the house to practice could only improve her practice, but she could not quench the flesh.
She has been soaking a variety of herbs since childhood, the physique has been very strong, but this world is not so.
Belle red make-up body is not to mention is stronger than others, because of long-term malnutrition, her physique is not even ordinary people.
Even now practice, still can not play out all the strength, the root cause of which is physical problems.
It is for this reason that baili red makeup decided to leave the palace to practice first.
Only when her physique improves can her fighting power be fully realized.
Moreover, the physical training of her practice also has certain benefits.
To lay a solid foundation when she was young has great benefits for her future practice.
He already knows that the belle red makeup is not the woman of the hundred, but this time, the change of baili red makeup is really not small.
The vast majority of practitioners in the practice of only pay attention to the promotion of practice, did not pay attention to their own physique.
The practitioners of the small dynasty, in particular, had no idea of the importance of improving their physical fitness.
Only some of the top forces will tell this problem as they nurture the next generation.
This problem is not obvious in the pre-cultivation period, but the more practice to the later, its role will become more obvious.
Although the red makeup is the daughter of the blue family, but this matter she only a few days to know, how can you know the importance of improving the physique?
It seems that the red makeup is more mysterious than his.
"There is a small mountain range not far from the imperial city, which has a waterfall. "
Belle red makeup light, mouth corner open edgle, "When true?" Where exacts? "
"Are you going to go alone?" "Although it is not far from the imperial city, there is no shortage of demons and beasts, to your present repair, a person to go there will be danger."
"It doesn't matter, I'm in proportion. "
Baili red bead mouth corner with a smile, eyes are unusually firm, the past world she will often go out to practice, dangerous things do not know how much experience, this is very experienced.
Even if she is not strong enough, she believes she can return safely.
"I'll go with you." The sound of the Dibei fades out, but the sound is unmistakable.
Baili red make-up micro, "I went there for practice, you go with me, how do I rest assured practice?"
"You can rest assured that as long as your life is not in danger, I will never give in."
Dibei laughs, "You are my baby girl, if there is a danger, let me do?"
The red makeup turned over a white eye, "What do you want to do with me."
"Where's the lady, where's the husband."
Don't wait for the hundred red makeup answer, Dibei immediately followed: "I will send someone to prepare, you and I travel together news out, but also let others know you and my husband and wife how good the feelings."
"Dibei! "
The corner of the red bemoanbery mouth twitched, but the emperor did not hear her answer in general, and left.
"Master, I look at the Emperor Beiji is also worried that you will do so, or let him go!" Little White slowly walked.
Baili red makeup is now but late, in the younger generation is also a good repair.
Just the holy mainland, demons cross-section, once encountered the strength of the more powerful beasts, hundred seine red makeup can be dangerous.
Little black followed the nod, "Dibei is just reluctant to master it, go together there is nothing bad."
Baili red make-up show helpless color, but as little black and small white said, the emperor of the north to go to her no harm.
In addition to human beings, there is a kind of monster, which can be practiced like the human practitioner.
The higher the level of the monster strength is stronger, and the weak body of human beings is different, the body of the monster is very strong.
Thus, when dealing with the beasts, the human practitioners are often at a disadvantage.
Not only that, the speed of reproduction of the beast is also far stronger than the human, but the spirit of the beast is generally not high.
Human beings can invent all kinds of skills, martial arts to improve combat effectiveness, demons can only rely on their own strength, so human beings can be with the monster balance.
The fur of a monster can be made into a leather armor, and blood, eyes, etc. can be used as a medicinal material.
For human beings, the beast is a treasure.
Therefore, there are many practitioners on the mainland of Sanxuan rely on the hunting of demons to maintain their lives, as long as the beheading of the beast, its materials can sell a lot of money.
Dibei's action is very fast, he knew that the situation is the sooner the better, in command of a bit of the hundred red makeup with the horse-drawn carriage left the imperial city.
The affair of the king and the princess out of the city with the princess was passed out of the palace.
The people are very envious of the deep feelings between the king and the princess, coupled with the case of the dibeibeth to protect his wife, we are envious of the hundred-mile red makeup.
Although the king's legs are disabled, but to her is extremely doting, coupled with that beautiful appearance, these problems can be ignored.
Bai Li Yuyan after learning the news almost bit a bite of silver teeth!
As she guessed, The Emperor was extremely fond of the belle red makeup.
She did not understand, baili red makeup such a waste plus the woman who was divorced, where is it worth the Emperor Beibei as a baby?
However, just as the Emperor Beiando and baili red makeup left the imperial city, the palace sounded a sound of earth-shattering screams.
The people of Yu Xiangfu were attracted by this scream, and Li Chengqian and his wife Zhao Wei heard the sound from their baby daughter the first time, and immediately rushed to the place where Li Wei lived.
Hearing this petist voice, I immediately calmed down from the bed.
"Come and eat, be late for school or not." 
"Okay, come on."
Right, forget to explain the background. I, of course, is the hero of this book. I call edgy. Wei. I am located in the mainland called Tiandance Mainland and the west of the Liyuan mainland is the world's only two continents, the rest of course is a piece of The Ocean, Tiandance mainland there are three countries, respectively, the resource power - Dalu Kingdom, the kingdom of knights - The Kingdom of Shuda, and the Kingdom of Aishar, the country of magic in which I live. The area of the Kingdom of Dalu is the largest, accounting for three-sevenths of the tiandance mainland, abundant resources, rich and powerful.
The troops are mainly soldiers, the magician sorhers as a supplement, because of the abundant funds, the dalu kingdom's troops are the three kingdoms of the largest, the strength is also the strongest (at least on the surface) but the kingdom does not advocate martial arts, expansion is not very interested, so also by the people on the mainland called the country of peace.
Shuda Kingdom is a country advocating the dignity of knights, there are only a small number of magicians, troops to soldiers, The Kingdom of Shuda's cavalry is the three kingdoms of the heavenly dance continent the strongest, its unique 3 Earth Dragon Cavalry regiment is all composed of knights above the intermediate knight' title, No army could stop their advance on the plains without any barriers.
Speaking of my motherland, the kingdom of Aishar, our country is a veritable country of magic ah, every citizen, even the poorest people will receive the most basic magic education, the country has dozens of large-scale magic college, every citizen has the right to learn magic, (of course, if you have to have money to pay tuition), Even if there is no money civilians will be village, town elders will teach some of the most basic knowledge of magic.
The second stage: Intermediate School of Magic, in the junior wizarding college graduation examination by passing the exam results, the better the natural results to a better school of magic to study, intermediate school of magic does not have an academic year, according to credit, as long as 60 credits can graduate and obtain the intermediate magician certification, The fastest record in the principality is three years before it passes the Intermediate School of Magic, and it usually takes 5-10 years to pass. Most of the families above the kingdom stopped learning magic to the Intermediate School of Magic, and the number of intermediate magicians in the kingdom is about 300,000 to 450,000.
Phase 3: Advanced School of Magic, not that through the intermediate wizard certification can go to the Higher School of Magic to study, to the Advanced Wizarding College to study must pass the Wizards Union assessment, after passing the test results to the corresponding school, aixia Kingdom, All students who attend the Higher School of Magic do not charge any tuition fees, all fees are paid by the State, which is also an important reason for the prosperity of the country's magic, the highest institution of the Higher School of Magic is the Royal Academy of Magic, only the best people with magical insightcany can be admitted, and the assessment is extremely strict, even if the emperor, The princess must also pass the examination before she can enter, and after graduation from the Higher School of Magic, she will receive different certifications according to the results of the graduation test.
The three human nations of the heavenly dance continent are extremely united because they have a common enemy, the Demons and orcs from the Western continent.
On the western continent there are two kingdoms, the Holy Light Empire ruled by the Demon and the Orcs, whose appearance characteristics are very similar, and the only difference is that their eyes are purple, the Demons are aggressive, ambitious, natural dark magic users, orcs cannot use magic, But their naturally strong bodies are indeed their best weapons, and the Orcs' magical defenses are extremely high, and the Ace Of Orcs are particularly fearful in their combat abilities than the Mons.
In this world, elemental magic is divided into 6 series: light, dark, water, fire, earth, wind, in addition to six elements of magic, there are some special magic, such as summoning magic, space magic and so on.
The Wizard's grades are: Trainee Magician (Magic Apprentice), Junior Magician, Intermediate Magician, Senior Magician, Great Magician, Wizard, Wizard, And Legendary Master.
Magic level is divided into 9 levels, 1-3 for the primary magic 4-5 level for intermediate magic level 6-8 for advanced magic level 9 for the ban, the ban needs more than 6 magic tutors to perform together. A magician who can perform a single spell is the Great Magician, who once appeared in legend.
The warrior hierarchy is divided into junior warriors, intermediate warriors, senior warriors, knights, earth knights, sky knights, bright knights, sword saints, and legendary gods of war.
Summoned beasts have growth shape and grade shape two, the higher the level of the hierarchical summoning beast, the stronger the ability, from 1-9 levels, and the growth shape and for the rare, and the growth of the summoning beast encountered the grade-shaped summoning beast each other will fight to death, do not give each other the opportunity to grow.
The background is introduced here, the following is to enter the main question.
A new lecto will begin, and the great wheel of history is spinning in the direction he has set his life.
After class bell rang, I just woke up, next to the wood is packing things, I smiled at her and said: "I invite you to eat good, how today, the teacher let me say no words." 
"Who eats with you will affect my appetite, " said Muzi. You are all crooked, the teacher does not think with you to be right. "
I made a wronged expression, said: "How can it be crooked, this is after my long time of research to get from Oh." Have a meal afraid of what, go together. "
The wood snorted coldly, and his head did not go back.
I thought to myself, pull what pull, I have to catch you to the hand can not, you wait. Long very general, but also so pull.
Some time before dinner, I found Mark to go back to the dormitory and chat for a while, and guided him to some magic. After dinner in the evening, I began my daily practice - sleep.
Wake up, suddenly feel refreshed, the body filled with magic power exhaled.
Just when Mark came, I said to him, "Mark, have no interest in playing with me, I'm a little itchy." 
Mark shook his hand and said, "No, I don't want to be abused by you, and you're not a grade, than anything." Isn't it easy to fight?
"The top ten in the academy?" What's going on? "
"Well, the academy has a ranking, the top 10 is the top ten players in the academy. "
"How to get into the rankings ah. "It's simple, you challenge the people on the leaderboard directly, which one is yours, the ranking below is down. "
"Do you have a place now?" 
Mark proudly said: "Of course there is pull, I am in fifth place Oh." 
To Mark's level is ranked fifth, it can be seen that the real talent of the college ah, my interest was ticked up, asked: "What are the top ten players?" 
Mark Dao: "The first is a fifth-grade student, good at soil magic, very strong, you know that in general, soil magic is re-defensive not to attack, but this guy is not only the defense of impeccable, the attack is more unpredictable, very difficult to deal with, I once and he taught hands, simply can not understand his soil defense." He should also be at the level of the demon. His name is Swa Ming. "
I asked curiously, "Who else is there."
 Mark Said: "The second is you know, is the sea big brother, he with the talent of people, in recent years in the Advanced School of Magic progress fast, fire magic than I am a bit worse, in general, the top 10 are not a lot of difference." Third place who you guess. "
Who, do I know? It should be sea water, to her kung fu should be more than her sister Sea Moon some, so I replied: "Is it the sea water? Her undecided waves and water dragons should be more severe. "
Mark shook his head and said, "The water is a little lower than my ranking, sixth." 
"It's not the sea, it's going to be, isn't it the kid of that japanese family?" 
Referring to his obvious dark face, but then shook his head, said: "He is very strong but one higher than me, ranked fourth." 
"Ah?" Then I can't guess, the rest of me is not as good as you ah. Tell me who it is. "
Mark smiled and said, "This third you also know, is your deskmate, Mt. Mo." 
I was surprised: "It's going to be her, I don't feel how strong she is." It's hard to think. "
Mark laughs: "What's not to think of, the wood is very low hanging, but her wind magic is the best I have ever seen, magic control than I only high not low, absolutely the level of the devil, if not the turkish wind, perhaps the first may be her." That year when I just enrolled in school, the freshman Than i lost in her hands, I was not convinced at first, but then every time and she on, I have repeatedly defeated, and now I dare not fight with her.
I sighed and said, "You know no, I wrote her a love letter today." 
Mark jumped up in amazement and cried, "What? You even wrote her love letter, although the magic is good, but looks very ordinary ah, and she is the college famous iceberg, there have been people tried to pursue her, but the results are very tragic. Choose her you might as well choose the sea water, I think she doesn't deserve you Oh. "
I hey hey smile, put my pursuit of the purpose of the wood to Mark said once, Mark this suddenly realized, extended a thumbs up: "Boss, you this is really high, I have served you, this is also for me revenge, haha, you rest assured that I will never say out." 
"Come on, go to class, and I'll decide who to challenge after school today." 
In class, I took out a piece of paper like yesterday, and rushed to the effect that: wood, you are the third master of the academy let me very surprised, in order to have the ability to match your strength, I decided to challenge the top 10 college players today, can you help me? I find that I like you more and more... (The rest is the usual love letter written for girlfriends of the contenthaha, little brother here will not bother to state.)
As yesterday, after writing, the second love letter was given to the wood.
I took the love letter again handed over, smiled: "You look at it, but very decent things Oh." You'll regret it without looking. "
Wood first glared at me, and then quickly looked again, may be to see my writing of the meat and hemp place, actually broke the face of the sky red. With the door, it seems that I have to work hard.
Unfortunately, my love letter is still very sad, and turned into a ball, this time she did not throw it to me, but directly thrown out of the window.
I burst into anger, stood up and shouted, "You don't accept me, but you can't throw my love letter ah." After all, I wrote it in real dishearton. "
After that, I remembered that this was a classroom. The face of the wood had turned to iron cyan, and the corners of his mouth seemed to be shaking.
Slan Yu teacher on the podium unhappy: "Longbow students what are you doing, this is the classroom is not talk about love park." 
I quickly laughed: "Sorry rain teacher, I must pay attention, but just now the students threw out a piece of paper, for the public health of the college, can you let me go to pick back?" 
Slan Yu ding looked at me, suddenly pounced on a smile, said: "Go, you children ah." 
If it wasn't for the strength of the wood, it would have been estimated that the students would have coaxed her.
I quickly ran downstairs, picked up my second love letter, returned to my seat, first gave a hard stare at the wood, and then, as last time, re-stacked the love letter sat.
If the challenge of the first of the earth magician is not a little too publicity, so bad, the second is the sea big brother, or forget it, the third is wood, if I challenge her can still have hope to catch up with her?
The answer is no, for my grand plan, can not challenge her, fourth, is the day family boy, right, is him, I want to export gas for Mark, hey hey, if Hai Yue see swords me beat her boyfriend will be what will happen, haha, perhaps can give Mark a chance, well, that's the decision. 
Thinking about it, I couldn't help laughing.
The wood next to me glanced at me and said to himself, "I don't know what a bad idea I'm thinking."
My ears are still very bright, looked at her, small channel: "after school you wait to see."
Soon, the end of the day's class, the bell of the class just rang, I rushed out of the classroom, ran to the main teaching building downstairs, I took a deep breath, and then shouted: "The wind cool day, I am longbow Wei, I want to challenge you, after hearing please come to the college playground, I am there waiting for you."
A clear voice came out of the teaching building, "Okay, I'll accompany you."
Success, haha, I fly also like to run to the playground, standing in the middle of the playground waiting for my opponent.
I looked at the state of my body, the magic and the mental strength are peaking, I am full of confidence in myself, because I do not believe that the wind cool day has the ability to fight my magic mentor.
It seems that I just shouted to the effect, and soon, I was surrounded by the students.
"Who is this guy, who has never seen him before, dares to challenge the coolness."
"For a long time no one challenged the top ten players in the academy, and today there was a good play to see."
"He can't do it, he looks handsome, i don't know how magic is."
Onlookers were talking.
Mark drilled from the crowd recently, he ran to me, whispering: "Boss, how do you challenge the cool day ah."
I was surprised to say, "How, no?" I am for you ah, I help you export gas is not good."
Mark anxiously around me, said: "Boss, this time I can be killed by you, the sea moon must think I let you challenge the cool, she hates me more."
I laughed: "Then you say how to do, do you let me take back the challenge, you also see, around so many people, if I take back the challenge, later not used in the college mixed, has been so, you keep the ordinary heart to see it, anyway, the sea moon also do not like you, let her hate you is also good, but also deepen the impression."
At this time, the wind cool day came, he was next to him of course with his pink confidante sea moon.
Haiyue angry ran over, rushed to me said: "You have a disease ah, challenge the wind cool do, he did not offend you, have the right thing to challenge the first Swa Ming go."
I made a helpless expression at her, smiled and said: "How, you are afraid that your sweetheart will lose? So no confidence. "
Hai Yue just want to talk, Mark quickly came over: "Hai Yue, long bow is not malicious, he wants to make a name."
Haiyue is in the air, suddenly turned to Mark said: "It is you, must be you agitated him, you are mean, you die, I sea moon is absolutely not like you this mean little man. Hum."
Markton's face turned pale, and I patted him on the shoulder, saying, "Don't mess around, go and see it." I was enraged by Hai Yue's unkindness to Mark.
The sea also ran over, pullthed the sea moon road: "Sister, let them than it, now riding the tiger difficult." After that, I took a deep look.
The sound of cool and clear wind passed over, "listen to the sea moon said, your magic is very strong, just today to see, we learn. Hai Yue, it's all right, you all go outside the circle."
I and the wind finally stood face-to-face in the middle of the field, I said aloud: "Students, trouble you give us a square 500 meters of open space, we together to release the boundary to avoid accidental injury." Suddenly, with us at the center, there were magic knots of all colors, and we were both surrounded by rainbow-like knots in a 500-meter-wide playground.
I must give the wind cool color to see today, let haiyue know that our brother is not so good bully.
I made an invitation and said to the wind, "Come on, let me see the magic of your japanese family."
The wind smiled: "Well, then I am not polite, free wind, listen to my command, form a violent tornado bar."
A small tornado will gather in front of him, what he is going to do, how not direct attack, anyway I can not read spells with magic, do not worry, first look again.
"The wind of freedom, listen to my command, form a violent tornado."
"The wind of freedom, listen to my command, form a violent tornado."
What he was doing was, and for a while, the wind was cool and he made nine small tornadoes.
I said to him, "This kind of strong tornado is useless to me no matter how much, don't waste magic."
The wind gave me a strange smile and said, "Is it?"
A violent tornado, release your destructive power and tear away everything in front of you."
With his mantra, there would have been only a category 4 tornado group actually moved up, colliding with each other, rolled up countless dust and sand, finally, nine tornadoes actually merged together, the surrounding air seems to be drained, when the tornado group fusion to a critical point, the explosion.
Not good, is the wind system compound magic, good strong force, this magic actually has a level of more than 7 levels, it seems that this wind cool really is not simple ah.
I quickly laid three light shields in front of myself to buy time.
"The great element of light, allow me to borrow your powerful power, let the infinite light fill the earth, shine it - shining Kyushu." "
I chose to be tough.
I slowly floated up from the ground, the dazzling white light, I looked up, the magic of Jindan in the palm of my eyebrows filled my whole body, I gathered the energy of the elements of light into a diameter of about 5 meters of the column of light straight past. 
"Light wizard."The onlookers marveled.
With my magic power now, the power of the glow of Kyushu is certainly not the same as before, violent tornadoes and the fierce collision of Kuyo, the cool force is surprisingly strong, which may have something to do with his use of magic.
The playground was rolled up a burst of rage, in the absence of preparation, I was his perverted tornado shock back three steps. The lost air is back.
The wind was so cool that it was all right, but there was a look of surprise on his face.
I dusted myself and said, "For a long time no one can let me fall into the downwind, you just this magic is very good ah, is you created?"
The wind nodded coolly and said, "I'm using the different directions of the tornado to collide with each other, and finally form a powerful forward force."
I was surprised to say: "Then your magic control is really very strong ah, come on, let me see what else you have, worse than just this do not use, that is not effective for me."
The cool smile said: "You are really interesting, and remind the opponent, well, like you such a good opponent is really difficult to find, let you see our family's home magic."
Hearing the magic of the family, I can't help but think of the original and the sea against the enemy when the wolf, suddenly separate destituated care.
Secretly condenses the magic forces to the right hand. The wind cool quickly read the magic, soon in front of the body gathered six wind wall, apparently to fight for greater magic to fight for the spell time, see him so cautious, this home magic will certainly not be good to deal with.
I waved my right hand and sent out a huge blade of light that cleaved into his defensive wall.
The wind cool face changed, quickly read: "Day when the sky is empty, the day dog comes, irresistible engulfing, to bring endless darkness to the earth."
By the time I succeeded in breaking the last wind wall, his spell was complete.
The cool face of the wind is already very white, brown hair instantly turned into pure black, the root is erect, the eyes emit the light of the camera, some do not understand the characters from his mouth quickly jumped out. A layer of faint black air appears around the body.
The light blade cut to his head, with the black gas friction, the light element formed the sharp edge as melting can no longer play the power.
I was startled, what kind of magic is this, how and the original encounter with which magic bamboo pole with the magic some like, but the wind cool is not the japanese family? How could it be dark magic?
The wood, who was watching the battle in the crowd, gave a strange look in the eyes of the wood, apparently very interested in the magic of cool wind.
The black air around the wind grew stronger and stronger, and his mouth made a strange sound: "This is our family's stunt dog-eating day, count your luck, I have only recently been passed on, it is special place can devour all the magic elements and creatures within the tolerance, I hope you do not become its first victim."
Behind him, the sea moon was frightened by his evil look, and how could Prince Charming be so cold as a stranger.
I have a feeling of fear in my heart, quickly read the mantra: "The light of justice, soft light, warm light, serious light, the light of sharpness, the light of destruction, will gather around me, into endless light to eliminate all evil, bring justice to the world."
The cool magic had been done, and he gave a poignant long whistling, and the blackness of his body burst out, forming a huge dog-like, and flew at me.
The intense pressure came, i glowed bright gold, my eyebrows drilled out of a ping-pong ball-sized transparent gold sphere, this is my body's gold ball, in order to make the magic more powerful, I had to put it out to increase the speed of the magic gathering. Around the numerous points of light to the golden ball will gather, in my urging, the golden ball issued a soft diameter of only about 1 cm of golden light, toward the "dog of the sky" to meet.
The sky dog actually opened a big mouth to suck in the golden light, I feel the magic force was quickly devoured by it, the cool days are not good, when the "sky dog" just began to devour the golden light, his whole body shock, mouth spit out a mouthful of blood, support is very hard. He is still constantly chanting unintelnosed spells, the body of black gas constantly rushed to the heavenly dog.
This can not, if let him support it, my energy will only become weaker and weaker, and eventually it will be swallowed up by it even magic with me, spell.
I hold the mentality of unsuccessful then become benevolent, urging the golden ball while issuing a golden light to the big mouth of the dog, the golden ball and the golden light at the same time disappeared in the big mouth of the dog, I am very nervous, if this can not defeat it, I have no magic power, even if the future can recover will be greatly reduced.
The sky dog in the air, gradually has become a dog shape, "bang."
A sound, the formation of the dog's black gas exploded, the air is only a dull golden ball, I quickly by virtue of the power to collect it back, my magic power consumption is huge, good gold ball has not been digested.
On the opposite side of the cool face appeared strange expression, I shouted, not good, the wind cool spewed out the blood fog, blood seeping out of his seven tricks, his body roared to the ground.
I used a short moment to move quickly to his side, the heart sighed, just now I simply can not leave hands, otherwise he may be sent out of the magic really swallowed.
I came to him, his hair has been restored to the original color, the shape of the poignant, I put all my efforts, quickly with a meta-spirit recovery to stabilize his metagody.
Around the knot has been scattered, the first time the sea moon ran over, the eyes of the vicious eyes, dead staring at me, said: "You are cruel, the wind cool to death, I want you to give him a funeral."
Gentle water, melt ice into cones, wash.
I just lost all the rest of my energy to the wind, and I was relieved that I should have saved his life. The ice cone had flown over, and I watched the ice cone fly over, and when it was about to pass through my chest, my body suddenly gushed out of a source of energy that I was not familiar with, blocking it half an inch of ice cone into the body.
But the strong impact of the ice cone or i hit the fly up, the internal organs suffered a strong shock, I "wow" a mouthful of blood.
Just a copy of the wind cool turned away.
Mark sighed, quickly back to help me, asked: "Boss, how are you."
I covered my chest with pain and snorted, "I'm not going to die yet. The sea moon is really hard enough."
Mark said: "This is over, and then we and she become a mortal enemy, but, boss, you are good, in that case just now there is still the power to issue defensive magic, I am satisfied." The water stood over, and Mark subconsciously stood in front of me.
The sea was shining with a complex glow in his eyes, and said, "I have no malice, let me see the longbow injury, okay?"
Mark looked back at me with an inquiry, saw me with a slight nod, Mark flashed to the side.
The sea sings: "Gentle water, with your charity heart to do the water of healing, calm the pain in front of you."
The water element began to gather in her hand, forming a blue ball flying to my chest, a cold feeling flowed through the whole body, chest wounds gradually healed, the pain of the internal organs is much better. It's just that the magic power of the excess release won't be restored for a while.
I smiled and said, "Thank you, the sea."
The sea shook its head and sighed, "Why is your relationship with your sister so rigid, don't blame your sister, okay? She was disensied by anger."
"How could I, if I'm in this situation, maybe she's more excited than she is, go back and see your sister, I'm all right."
The sea's face showed a smile, sweet and sweet: "Thank you, long bow, then I go back first."
"Good bye."
Looking at the back of the sea, Mark said: "Boss, it seems that the sea is really interesting to you Oh, or not, how can she cure you the injury?"
I frowned, "Don't be blind, and I'm not happy to go back."
Mark picked me up and walked in the direction of the dormitory.
"We are impossible, the sea is your choice. When you're done, turn in the other direction. Of course, I can't hear that.
Back in the dorm, Mark said to me, "Boss, how are you feeling?"
I lay in bed and said, "Mark, don't blame me, okay?"
Mark was silent, and he sighed and said, "Boss, why are you doing this, why don't you tell me in advance, i really have no hope."
I gently shook my head and said, "Don't think so, hope there is still, as long as you keep the sincere love for the sea moon, it is impossible and will become possible."
"Just now, when I was trying to cool down with the wind, did he last use that day dog to eat the day you saw?"
Mark nodded and said, "See, what's going on?" 
I said: "Do you have no sense of the time he was very evil, if, he really has the evil nature of the sea moon or is likely to give up him, this time I choose him to do the test object, one wants to export gas for you, two is to see his strength, three want to find out from his magic his shortcomings as a human being, only to grasp the shortcomings of others' sexuality, You have a chance, you know?"
Mark showed a look of thought, thought, said: "ten thousand steps back to say, even if the sea moon and the wind blow, she may not like me, in her heart, my image is already inferior."
I smiled and said, "Actually, she hates you but it's good, and if she doesn't care about you at all, you really have no hope. Now, at least she will hate you, at least she has a place in her heart, and how to make her hate into love, it depends on your own."
Mark moved: "Do a very moving thing to her? What are you doing? "
I frowned and said, "You boy is hopeless, how can I teach you this kind of thing?" Opportunity is your own creation, if you can not save the heart of the sea moon before graduation, then you will really lose her. You go back and think about it, I'm going to practice, just now the magic power consumption is very strong."
Mark said, "Thank you, boss, then I'll go back first."
Mark is gone, I lie still, I think, just now the wind cool with which magic and I have encountered the magic of the magic bamboo pole magician used in which very similar ah, but some what is different, as if more evil. Wind cool from the Japanese family, it can not be a demon ah, it seems that he must have an unusual secret, later in the exploration of it.
I closed my eyes and tried to stir up the dim golden ball, which was magical. Light elements bit by bit to enrich the golden ball, I gradually into the state of play.
Wake up, the sky has been bright, should be the next morning, I came down from the bed, activities, feel much better, magic power at least restored more than 80%, magic power gathered much faster than before, this may be and the king of gods to give me a change of heart.
Belly grunt squealing, last night did not eat, first go to the canteen, Mark this boy did not come to me.
I walked out of the room, outside quiet, everyone went to the dormitory downstairs, met the communication room grandfather, he smiled to me: "late, not fast."
I asked in amazement, "When is it now, how can I be late?"
Grandpa said: "You are not happy, the third class in the morning is coming to an end."
Ah, it's so late, thanks to Grandpa, I quickly ran out of the dormitory building, when I came to the classroom door, the inside of the Slan Yu teacher is teaching, dead, not to be late.
I shouted, "Report."
The rain teacher's voice came out, "Please come in." I pushed open the classroom door and came in, and I bowed my head and said to the teacher, "I'm sorry, teacher, I'm late."
The rain teacher said: "Go back to attention, go back to your seat."
Mr. Rain spoke so well, haha, through a pass. My heart went down and went to my seat and sat down.
It seems that yesterday I beat the wind cool in the class has a great influence ah.
I glanced at the wood on the edge, she was the only one who didn't pay attention to me when I came in, and I whispered to her, "Hey, yesterday I was not there when I was cold err than the wind."
The head of the wood also did not return, coldly said: "Not in." Don't talk to me in class. "
I put away a mouth, from the bag to take out white paper, and began my love letter offensive, eager to swing the break Between me did not go out, the fourth class time finally completed more than 2000 words of the masterpiece.
I wrote is not very meaty, just yesterday and the wind cool than the trial when My feelings written down, and finally added a few words of love for the wood, I took a good letter, played a bit, the heart thought, hope this time not to be torn by the wood, then I have to lose, perhaps really no chance, I don't know why I now want to avenge her thoughts are getting lighter, but some like her cold character.
I tried to put the written white paper on her desk, and she turned to stare at me, and I returned her with a smile. She picked up the white paper to look up, see not a love letter but a love letter of war, she seriously up, as if to see the relish, there is a door, haha, too good.
The wood turned over the white paper, wrote some words on the back, handed back to me, I was almost happy to call out, great, she finally did not destroy my letter, also gave me back, a sudden smooth feeling flowed through my whole body.
I took the white paper, there is a line of crooked distorted words, I choked, not for the content, but for this font, wow, the letter written by Muzi is too, too ugly, it is like a chinese text.
I looked at her with a crooked head, and I could bear to smile, and carefully recognized the ripples she had drawn.
Fortunately, my ability to identify is still strong, recognized a seven-seven-eight,, she wrote that you are really strong, can beat the wind cool day, but we are not possible, please do not harass me later.
Read her writing, i am not not depressed, but very happy, because I know that I finally have a little touch edathed her heart, at least she is willing to return my letter, not as before do not care about hope, great hope ah.
I folded the white paper carefully and put it away.
If the speed is not up to, tomorrow in the continuation of my love of business, I do not believe that my tidal attack will be ineffective.
After school in the morning, I found Mark, and I asked him, "Why didn't you call me in the morning?"
Mark said: "I'm not afraid you fought too hard yesterday, but you can't recover, look at you, it's nothing."
I said, "Of course, our magic is recovering very quickly. Come on, go to dinner, I'm starving to death. "
Mark and I hooked up with the back into the canteen, began to play my light-tie rice barrel, crazy sweep. A gust of incense was blowing over and the sea was sitting at our table.
"Longbow, how are you recovering from your injury?" she asked.
I smiled and said: "I really want to thank you, yesterday if you would not help me with treatment, maybe today I can not get out of bed."
"You'll be all right," said the sea. After saying something, the pink little face was red. Mark quipped: "How red your face is."
The sea glared at him, petitely said: "The spirit of rejuvenation can not ah."
I hurriedly interrupted and said, "The sea, how the wind is cool, he should not be in any danger."
The sea frowned: "Okay, not dead, he has woken up, but it may be a long time before he recovers. You're really tough on you."
I sighed: "No way ah, you saw yesterday, he used that magic is too evil door, like dark magic, if I do not fight back, perhaps you will not see me today."
The sea smiled and said: "People do not blame you, yesterday also thank you, if not you give timely treatment to the wind cool, I'm afraid he really want to cry." Although it is fair to try, but in the college out of life is not a joke, not to mention he has behind the Japanese family's huge force ssupport, right, said the Japanese family, recently you have to be careful, perhaps they will come to revenge you, yesterday the cool grandfather of the family's old patriarch Sifeng Day learned that the wind cool by you hit seriously, jumping like thunder. If you are not in the college, I'm afraid he has come to you to calculate the account, that old stubborn can be very short, it is best that you live in this time a little bit, and so the wind cools well, his gas estimate will be eliminated."
What is the Japanese family, just because they are nobles? I'm fair to the wind, i'll see how they can get me."
The sea heard me and said, "You whisper, let others hear it, don't you know that the kingdom will be full of civil war?" Now His Majesty has one breath left, and when this breath is coming, our three families are a powerful force."
I asked, "It's not that serious, it's not a civil war."I turned to Mark and he looked amazed and obviously didn't know what was going on.
"Why not, now the kingdom's three forces are hoarding troops, at any time there is a possibility of civil war, " he said.
I sighed, "War is the cruelest, and it is the civilians who suffer first if they go to war. Moreover, once the outbreak of civil war, our national strength will be greatly weakened, so that it will affect the situation of the three countries. "
The sea stared at me, and for a while he said, "Wow, I didn't expect you to have such a unique insight in this area, you join our star family, with your magic will certainly bring our family to the top."
I haha a smile, first glanced at the anxious Mark, said: "or count, on your sister that i can not pass ah."
Mark quickly echoed: "That is, you do not have to be a long bow boss."
The sea raised the lovely little mouth, said: "Well, sister there is not a problem, no matter, you do not agree, I go back and my grandfather said to go, ok."
Sea water is the successor of the star family generation, the status in the family is very high, if she proposed to let me join the family, there is absolutely a great hope of success.
Besides, I have just offended the Japanese family, and if I join you, it will not cause the contradictions between the two families. 
The sea bowed his head and thought, "You said the right thing, but my proposal is always reserved Oh, if you change your mind, be sure to inform me ah. You eat, I'll go first. "
I patted him on the shoulder and said, "Don't say, who makes us brothers, and I'm not going to join you, to be honest, I really don't want to fight, peace is not good?"
"Only peace can develop ah, last time I also met the demons on the way to practice, they are to us these human countries, ah, if we have problems internally is not to create an invasion for them? ""The Demons?"
"Boss, have you met the demons? "
"Yeah, what's going on?"
"It's a big deal, I'm going to hurry back today and say to my father, "The invasion of the Demons is more important than anything else."
I said incredulously, "Don't be so nervous?" Mark said: "Why not nervous, the Demons can actually use unknown methods to enter our eastern continent, which shows that they are not good for our human country ah, this news is too important."
I scratched my head and remembered the face of the demon princess's death, and said, "The Devils are not so terrible, they are not as human as we are living on the mainland of living creatures, how do you see ghosts like."
"How do the demons and we humans are the same, they are the public enemy of mankind."
"Okay, don't argue with you, how about you love it, eat fast, I want to go back to rest for a while."
That evening, Mark left the college and returned home to report to his father.
The next day, in class, I still wrote the same letter to Muzi, very simple words: "Yesterday received your reply, I am very happy, I want to ask you, why we can not, you let me stop pestering you, I really can't do, because I really like you, although you are very cold, but I know you are a good girl, Can you give me a chance to protect you forever. "
When I write these words, the mind has no revenge thought, Muzi's not beautiful appearance in my eyes become so lovely. Do I really like her?
No, I secretly told myself, don't forget to get revenge on her.
White paper handed over to the past, wood back, she said on the paper: Don't ask me, in short, we are impossible, I will not like you, you give up, the sea is not very like you, she is the right person for you.
I read her crooked words, looking at her side face, she felt my burning eyes, turned to me, I whispered: "Give me a reason, okay?"
When I said this, I had some hidden pain in my heart.
Wood's eyes are full of complex looks, sighing: "Don't ask me, okay?"
She did not look cold, is so weak, my heart trembled, I reached out to grasp her soft, the wood startled, when I touched her cold little hand, she screamed, almost fell from the chair.
Class is the pesky old man, he roared: "Longbow classmate, what are you doing? This is the classroom. "
I smiled awkwardly and said, "Teacher, there was a cockroach who scared the woodboy, I went to help her." The woody blushed, and did not say anything, just bowed his head and played with his clothes.
The old man could not grasp my handle, angry said: "You give me attention point, well, students, full of will be class, tomorrow we carry out the magic knowledge of the exam back to everyone to prepare well, and strive to achieve good results, annoying is not able to pass this exam at the end of this semester students have the possibility of repetition." When I finished, I was given a hard look.
It's better to test magic. He's X, this time i want Mark's help.
I whispered to The Woody said: "Didn't fall, lunch together how about." Wood did not answer, took out a piece of paper, wrote a few words to throw to me.
I looked down, she wrote: "Don't disturb me, please, now I have become everyone's laughing stock, don't write to me again."
After reading her words, my heart was slightly cool, but, thinking of the way she blushed just now, I knew she was not cruel to me. Since she wouldn't eat with me, that's all, I'll take it slowly, and one day she'll automatically put it in my arms.
Mark came to me as soon as he got to his first class, and looked at his serious expression and I knew something had happened.
I frowned, "Is it really that serious?" What is the situation of His Majesty now, is it really as bad as the sea says? "
Mark nodded heavyly and said, "Father said that His Majesty could live for up to 3-5 months, and that his majesty had no children on his knees, and that once the crash, I am afraid that the domestic form would change. The competition for the throne will be fierce. "
I mused for a moment and said, "Okay, I'm going to see your father. "
Mark: "Just tonight, I'll come to you after school." I nodded and said, "Okay. "
Back to the classroom, my heart heavy, if His Majesty died, Aisya is likely to split, this is the last thing I want to see, now three-way cut, a bad, Aisya will be a big wound. If indeed, to Mark's father, Keza Orr, is most qualified to inherit the throne, he is after all the king's brother, strength should also be his strongest, but in the present form, the other two forces clearly have the intention of cooperation, they united, I am afraid Prince Keza Orr is not easy to deal with, especially the Prince Tei, He has the ace in his hand, which is a headache.
No, if you really fight up, Kai will not be raw to paint charcoal? There is no way to stop, with my strength can do, even if I am a magic mentor I am afraid can not stop this large-scale campaign. I met Mark's father in the evening and I went to see what kind of man he was.
Suddenly, i have a note in front of me, I corrugated, and then picked up a note, only to see what said: what to think, then into God.
It was the wood to me, really she ah, I am full of surprise to see her, but she looked straight at the blackboard, as if she did not know I was looking at her.
I quickly wrote: for some annoying national events Oh, you first wrote me a note I really happy ah, you also like me.
After writing I will pass the note past, wood after reading the note, white i glanced at, whispered: "You old nonsense, what national affairs, you know to play, class did not see you have heard well, but also care about national affairs, I am afraid the teacher told you to write you a note, remind you to listen to the class, you do not misunderstand, I will not like you." That's it, his face is red.
It's just trying to cover up, haha, it seems that I'm getting closer to success.
In the evening, Mark and I went straight to the Prince's Palace except for the college.
"Is your house so big?" Looking at the magnificent Prince's mansion, I exclaimed.
Mark embarrassed a smile, said: "Father is after all a prince, the mansion can not be too bad, go, let's fast forward." When he came to the door, the guard saw Mark immediately bowing and saying, "Two Lords, you are back." 
I strangely asked Mark, "Why don't they call you little king?" 
Mark's face red, said: "Boss, you don't take me, I am what little king, I will always be your brother. Go and tell the father, and say I'm back with the longbow guide. "
The guard looked at me with respect, thought, now the young people are so strong, so young is the devil.
Turned around and ran into the house to be arraigned.
Mark led the way in front, walking along and saying, "I'll take you to your father's study, where he usually meets guests." 
I smiled and said, "In your house, of course, listen to you, let's go." 
The buildings in the Prince's Palace are very large, antique, false mountains, the forest in the palace in the moonlight swaying. Standing guards can be seen every 20 meters.
After a while, finally to Mark's so-called study, where is the study, it is simply a small library, 500 square meters large, surrounded by tall bookcases, filled with a variety of books.
Mark said to me, "Boss, you sit here for a while, and I'll see if my father is here." Say, lead me to the central hospitality couch.
Looking at Mark out, I idle bored, stood up to walk to a bookcase, casually pull out a book, looks very old, or with the line to wear up, the pages have been yellow, it says, "Three hundred Tang poems."
I opened a look, the original is some have not seen the ancient poetry, casually look at a few, feel very far-reaching, very interesting.
I was about to look back, and outside came the voice of the guard: "His Royal Highness is here." 
I quickly put down the book in my hand, back to the sofa side, the door opened, Mark advanced to stand aside, behind him, a middle-aged man in the jin-robe jade belt dragon walk into the study.
See this popular Yu Xuanang, imposing, and Mark a bit like each other, but more out of a kind of imperial hegemony.
As soon as he entered the door, he saw me with a dazzling light in his eyes, and I did not let me look at him, and saw that the level of magic of his Majesty was definitely not low.
I bowed and said, "Your Royal Highness, it is an honor to meet you." 
The Prince said, "Come to me and be your own home, not so many salutes, sit down, Mark, you come over." With that, he sat down first.
Mark and I sat opposite the Prince, the waiter served the refreshment, the Prince said: "You all back down, without my orders no one is allowed to close to the study within 30 meters." 
The attendants and guards went down.
The Prince took a bite of the cup, looked up at me, and said, "Listen to the child Mark say that you have practiced to the realm of the magic tutor, it is very gratifying ah!" 
The Prince's words immediately got my favor, from his door on my little generation very polite, and now did not directly ask me about the demons, but first to congratulate me to become a demon mentor, it can be seen that he attaches great importance to talent.
I replied respectfully, "I'm just lucky, and Mark is not far from the level of the demon mentor."
The Prince laughed and said, "You are such a humble good boy, such achievements can not be proud, very rare, after you have to help me to discipline Mark, I expect him is very big, his big brother has no ability, my hopes are all pinned on him."
It seems that he is a very kind old man.
I smiled and said, "Mark has worked very hard now, and your expectations of him will come true."
The Prince said: "I hope so, long bow ah, since you are Mark's friend, that is, my nephew, I also do not be polite to you, don't always call the Prince, listen so distant, later you call me Uncle Orr." Although I knew he was in the cage of me, but my heart for him is still growing.
The Prince went on to say: "Yesterday Mark told me that you met the demons, which surprised me very much, the demons are our public enemies of mankind, if they invade to the east continent, we human beings are finished.You told your uncle about the details of the time." 
I said, "Okay." So, the original encounter in Lake Xining from beginning to end said again, the Prince heard, mused, after a long time to say: "I really do not know how the Demons did, they can actually get here through the Sterang fortress, it is very unthinking."
I said, "Is it possible that they have fallen over the mountains?"
Mark replied for his father: "It is impossible, the sky fell into the clouds, from the half-mountain to be completely covered with ice and snow, is not any creature can pass."
I said,"They're not royals, why do they fight for the throne?"
"As far as I know, they want to form a parliamentary government that will decide on the policies and development of the country and not elect a king, and if that is done, our hard-working Kingdom of Aischi will be out of their hands," the Prince said. 
I said, "Can't you negotiate with them through the Demons? The fight against foreign enemies comes first." 
After listening to my words, the Prince's eyes burst bright, apparently moved, he said: "This doctrine is really good, but the dispute over rights can not be resolved, even if the real temporary reconciliation can not solve the fundamental contradiction." The Prince stopped talking, but shook his head.
You're going to say it. The Prince said helplessly: "It is no use saying it, it is impossible to achieve."
I said, "If you have a solution, say it, let's help you think about it, maybe there's a breakthrough."
"If we can hold them down at the highest level of magic, I'm sure we can win this power dispute,"  said the Prince. "After all, we are the magic kingdom, only the strength of magic is the most advantageous weapon to speak." 
I thought and said, "Does the highest level of magic mean the number of magic tutors compare ah?"
The prince nodded.
I then asked, "They have those magic mentors."
The Prince said: "The East continent has a total of ten magic mentors, and our country accounted for eight seats, the other three families of the patriarchs are magic mentor strength, plus the head of the Royal Wizard's Regiment of Earth demon mentor Dunyu, they accounted for four seats."
I said, "What about the other four?"
The Prince said: "The other four seats are the first-ranked Royal Academy of Advanced Witches, the dean of the Department of Space Magic Mentor (it is worthy of learning the space department of magic even the name is related to space magic, transmission array?" The third-ranked royal school of intermediate magic, the light of the magic tutor Lauren Dee, that is, your teacher, the 7th-ranked Middle School of Magic Vice-Chancellor of the Fire Demon Mentor Star, that is, Mark's teacher.
Finally, the ninth-ranked Vice-Chancellor of the Royal College of Advanced Witchcraft and Technology, Sidi Li. 
I said, "So you're not on a par with them now?" The Prince smiled and said: "That is so easy, now only Mark's teacher Long Lao Ken help me, the other three magic tutors are to remain neutral, if they can also help me, with their prestige and years of experience from teaching, a call, will certainly make my strength greatly increased, and the other side has a hard work, but in general, The other side's magic tutor ranking is two, four, five, six, and we are one, three, seven, nine. We still suffer a little, not to mention the remaining three deans will not necessarily stand with me."
I have understood the Prince's intention, he asked me to ask the demons of things only on the one hand, on the other hand, naturally let me to convince Mr. Dee, Mr. Di and the President of the Royal College of Advanced Magic, Chuansong Zhen have a very deep friendship, so that the Prince can win a total of four demons, including me is supported, He can change from a disadvantage to an advantage.
The Prince saw me meditating and didn't urge me, just waiting for me to speak.
I sighed darkly, for the sake of the people of the mainland, can I not help him?
What's more, my good brother Mark's ingredients, I looked up and looked at the Prince and said, "Uncle Orr, I hope you will be kind to ThePeople of Aisya in the future."
The Prince's face with a sincere smile, said kindly: "Long bow, you rest assured that now the fight against the demons is the most important, The Duke of Tei this person is too selfish, the three families are not a unified whole, if they are in power will certainly lead to the decline of the country, this time, we are not going to stage a coup, It is to solve the question of succession to the throne peacefully, the people are innocent, and I will never let them be hurt by war. "
It's an old oil bar, he must have seen my concern for the people, so it's in the heart of my heart.
I nodded and said, "Okay, uncle, then do this first, I'll go back first, you wait for my good news."
After saying goodbye to the Prince, Mark and I returned to the academy, and on the way, Mark asked, "Boss, what do you think of this?"
As I walked, I said, "Actually, I know your father is using me." With a deep look at Mark, Mark couldn't help but bow his head and not speak.
I patted him on the shoulder and said, "You don't have to think much, I don't mean anything else, I just feel a little uncomfortable in my heart, it's better for your father, an orthodox king, to inherit the throne than they do."
Mark grabbed my hand and said excitedly, "Thank you, boss, I don't know what to say."
I looked up at the sky, said: "Don't say anything, come on, you go back to the college, it is not too late, I went to the Royal Intermediate School of Magic, looking for Mr. Dee said, see if he can get the support of his old people."
At the fork junction, I and Mark separated, I soon came to the Royal Intermediate School of Magic, familiar with the alma mater, the guard of course know me, I explained that it was back to see Mr. Dee, he was very happy to put me in.
Come to Mr. Di's bedroom outside, I can't help but think of the past, he is so concerned about me, a lonely old man, my heart is full of feelings.
Outside the house, I shouted, "Mr. Dee, I came to see you."
The door opened, Mr. Dee came out from the inside, saw me he smiled and said: "How just arrived at the Advanced Institute of Magic a few days to come back to pull, reluctant here?"
I walked over, petite to help him, said: "Yes, I miss you, this is not coming back to see you?"
Mr. Di laughed and said, "You're such a good boy, go, let's go into the house and talk."
I smiled shyly: "I didn't buy you anything, that's it. Is the college busy? "
Mr. Dee on the sofa, smiled and said: "Can, not very busy, a lot of things do not need me to deal with personally, to tell the truth I want to retire, and so you finish the demon king that thing, to pick up my position how."
I hurriedly shook hands: "No, no, I am so young, how can help the public, Long teacher is not suitable to replace you? I think you should also cultivate. "
Mr. Di said: "Long is the best candidate, but he has now thrown himself into the dispute over rights, can not maintain a normal heart, you let me rest assured that the college to him."
It seems that Mr. Dee is still very tired of competing for power, how can I tell him?
Mr. Di saw me not to speak, laughing: "Come back to ask me to do ah, quickly say it. Is it time for me to help Prince Koza? "
After saying it, I reacted, and I looked at Mr. Dee with his big mouth in my mouth. Exclaims: "How do you know, did you practice any magic that predicts the future?I don't know if you have a few ticks in your boy's stomach, " said Mr. Dee with a smile.
"There is mark this layer of relationship, but how can Za not use you to convince me? "
I scratched my head and said, "Teacher, you are really good, but Prince Za is really using me to persuade you."
Mr. Di sighed, saying: "Now Aisya's form is very tense ah, a bad, will be caught in the middle of the war, since you know that can be used to you, why do you come back."
I laughed and said, "I miss you, can't you?"
Mr. Di laughed: "Don't talk about it, tell the truth."
I set the mind, said seriously: "Actually, I did come to convince you, but not for Prince Canza, but for the thousands of people of our Kingdom of Aishar."
"Oh, listen to it, " mr. Dee asked interested. I analyzed: "If you remain neutral now do not help either side, the civil war will certainly start, then our motherland will be bloodflow, the people can not live and work and fall into the war, if, this time the invasion of the demons, we are all self-indulgent, but also how to unite the other two kingdoms to resist it." Moreover, in a few years, the demon king will come, God knows what way he is, if mankind can not unite, perhaps human beings will be in danger of extinction, for the future of mankind, I come to ask you to help Prince Canza.
Mr. Dee, am I talking too much? Mr. Di shook his head and said, "It's not big either, you're saying this is likely to happen, and I wonder why you didn't let me support the Duke of Tei and the three families, although it's the icing on the cake, but it can also make them more successful in taking control of the powerful Prince."
"You can't because of Mark, are you?" I said, "Although Mark will influence my decision to some extent, but not the main one, and more importantly, if Prince Canza succeeds to the throne, it is very natural, because His Majesty should be acceptable to his brother, the people of Aistya and the nobles, As long as our strength can suppress the Duke and the three families, let them know that things can not be done, I think, they will not be too strong resistance, after all, the throne itself does not belong to them, it is better to keep their aristocratic status and life is important, then as long as the use of some gentle means on it. As for whether they will carry out rebellion in the future that is not our concern, I feel out, but Prince Za this person is very talented, he will clean up them."
