Joe's love showed a hellish expression. She thought she must have been hallucinating, or had not yet fully awake, so she looked at him foolishly.
Shen Liangchuan picked up a glass of water from the next table and handed it to her mouth, "Little Joe, drink some water."
It's Little Joe again.
Joe sighed, lying in bed, patted his head, "Ah, how can not sleep awake."
Shen Liangchuan stared at the people in the hospital bed, the mouth corner pumped, the water to Joe's mouth, "open mouth." "
Joe looked at him and didn't move.
Shen Liangchuan: "Can't open your mouth?"
How could he be so vicious in his dreams?
Does he think he's afraid of him in reality?
She suddenly grinned, "No!"
When this fell, he was seen suddenly taking a sip of water, then bowed his head and blocked her lips directly.
Joe looked at him indily, when the warm flow into the mouth, she just reacted suddenly, this ... Not in a dream.
Is this true?
A mouthful of water, Shen Coolchuan looked up, staring at her silly kind, "open your mouth?" Joe sat up.
She took a breath because the action was so quick that it pulled to the wound.
Shen Coolchuan held her up in a hurry.
The next second, Joe's love of the hand, placed on his forehead, said to himself: "No fever ah!"
So, does she think she's not acting properly?
But any husband, to his wife to do such a thing, is it normal?
Think of the scene since she married herself, Shen Liangchuan fell down his eyes.
Oh, yes.
He is not good to her, will lead to just a mouthful of water, the other side on such a big reaction.
How afraid she is of herself!
Shen Liangchuan picked up the straw again, put it to her mouth, "open his mouth."
Joe opened his mouth when he fell in love.
He was never used to waiting for others, so he just drank a water and spilled some of it, wetting her clothes.
He stared at her clothes and suddenly wanted to laugh.
It doesn't matter, he won't have a lot of things that can be used to learn slowly.
Think of here, Shen Liangchuan turned back, picked up a bowl of porridge.
Come together, i saw that Joe's love has been scared by him, "Shen, Mr. Shen ... Are you going to make a care-of-patient play next? "
So, take her to practice first?
Joe's love affair is over.
Shen Liangchuan mouth corner again pumped, finally impatient up, "shut up!"
Joe's love decisively closed his mouth, but the whole person was relieved.
This look of Shen Liangchuan, is normal!
Shen Liangchuan: ... Can't take good care of her, is this guy abusive?
Feed her a bowl of porridge, that scene, how to look at how strange.
Wait until Joe has enough to eat, this is to lie down.
Shen Also drank porridge, this time to go to the toilet.
Joe was lying in his hospital bed, but he couldn't sleep.
There was always a strange movement in my head that had just come down to Cool river.
Does that mean... With their own long time, so this person finally found that he was born beautiful difficult to abandon, love her?
Think of here, Joe love on the joy to pick up the phone, opened the front camera, but did not expect to see the past so ... I found that her face was so swollen at the moment that it was no different from the pig's head.
This look, even their own abandoned, Shen Liangchuan how may like! Doesn't this man like beautiful women? Like ugly girls?
Secretly speculated on Shen's mind, Joe love can not help but pick up his lips, want to laugh, but accidentally pulled to the face of the wound.
Pour a breath of cold air, you see Shen Liangchuan has come out of the bathroom, step by step towards her.
her sight, fixed on his body.
He was wearing a white shirt, looking at the yushu wind, as if that day's group, did him no harm.
His face was still neat and immaculate, unable to see even a lump of bruising.
The heart suddenly unbalanced up. Mingming is two people fighting together, but why are they so ugly so ugly, this man has nothing?
thinking, he had sat next to her hospital bed, "What are you thinking?"
The eye balls are like sticking to themselves.
He couldn't help but raise his lips, and a sense of euphoria rose in his heart.
Joe's love of the eyes on his body, in his eyes do not feel comfortable, this only opened: "Mr. Shen, you have no injury?"
Shen Liangchuan: ... What's the tone of disappointment?
He squinted his eyes and said, "You're disappointed that you can't be beaten like you?"
Joe nodded, then reacted, and immediately said: "No!"
Shen Coldchuan grinned his lips and said, "Little Joe."
That mellow low voice, like the cello D tune, shoutout the two words of Little Joe, with a special flavor and tone, good to let her whole body up a layer of goose bumps.
Joe immediately "hmm" a cry, a salutation, let her blush.
She is grateful for her face at the moment, at least blushing and not showing it!
Then you hear Shen's voice, "Don't call me Mr. Shen."
Joe's love stared big eyes, open mouth shouted: "That call you Shen Shadow Emperor?"
Shen Kukawa shook his head.
Shen Yingdi can't?
"Like Mr. Song, call you Shen brother?"
He raised his lips, although she shouted Shen brother and the crowd shouted out feel different, but he still did not want to do so, Joe love everything, for him, is unique.
He continued to shake his head.
She said how the man could suddenly be so nice to her.
Look, the dog can't change, and this guy is starting to embarrass himself again.
She could only continue to think, "Shen... Teacher?"
The descendants in the entertainment world, don't they all call him like that?
As a female anchor, she's actually half an entertainer.
Shen Saidcontinue continued to shake his head.
Joe love: "Mr. Shen, I, I left too much blood, lack of oxygen in the brain, can not think out, or, you give a hint?"
"Am I one of yours?"
Joe is silly, "My idol!"
"Except for this."
Joe love: "... I can't remember."
Shen's tone was cool down, "Little Joe, let me remind you, we live together."
Joe love: "I see!"
Shen Liangchuan just relieved, heard her say: "I call you in the same room!"
Shen Liangchuan: ... What a ghost is this?
Joe love: "Look, we live together, you are not my roommate?"
She stared at Shen Liangchuan, but the other look light, that black eyes can not see any emotion.
If you recognize yourself, you should not be so polite, so say... Did he recognize him?
Joe love can not help but open, "Mr. Shen, why do you want to sign me?"
At this point, also a sharp cough, "today also caught a cold."
Song Cheng and Shen Kukawa heard her voice.
Because the human voice, after the machine's processing, will become slightly different.
It's like a phone call, and it's a little distorted.
Only in reality, afraid of being recognized.
Shen Liangchuan look saloon no change, light opening, "because I like to play games."
The mellow, low voice, listening to people feel very comfortable in the heart.
Joe love to listen, a slight, ear suddenly remembered when she and Zichuan dialogue.
She asked, "Yukawa, why are you playing so good games?"
"Because I like to play games. "
Because I like it, i can play well.
And now, Shen Liangchuan because like to play games, will want to sign their own an electric female anchor?
She raised her eyebrows and heard Shen's next words: "I've heard you live a few times, you have some insights into the game, and with us, you'll be the leader in the electric female anchors."
Praised, Joe's love look happy, modest opening: "Over the prize."
Shen Liangchuan took a look at Songcheng.
Songcheng immediately played a clever, although do not know why Shen Shadow Emperor had to sign this person, but he always unconditionally obey edit the order.
He said directly, "Well, look, what do you want of us?"
"No, I don't! "
Joe fell in love with the smiling opening. Songcheng nodded, will know shen shadow emperor a horse, will not be rejected: "So when do we sign?"
"When did I say I was going to sign? " In a word, let Songcheng almost out of the internal injury, and then heard her next words, "I do not want to be the leader of the live broadcast world, usually to hit soy sauce, is to earn a quick!"
Songcheng opened, "Our company, you do not consider?"
Looking at these two people, quite a bit to fight with her in the end meaning, Joe love had to take back tactics, "that, or let me consider?"
Songcheng nodded, took out the mobile phone, "Then I add you a WeChat bar, convenient contact."
Joe just nodded to agree, but heard Shen Liangchuan open: "You search 186XXX."
Songcheng, Joe love is a one.
This mobile phone number is clearly Shen Liangchuan ah!
But he stared, she dare not search, had to log on to their own other microsignal, added him.
Songcheng and Shen Liangchuan left, walked to the door, a look back, see the people behind, do not know why, this forget the sichuan, let Songcheng inexplicably feel a bit like Joe love, a moment aryed impetus suddenly opened: "Forget The river, do you know a reporter called Joe love?"
A word fell, Shen Cold River light a sink.
Joe looked at the two people, suddenly smiled, "Of course I know."
A word fell, and the room was suddenly in a strange silence.
Gao Youming directly covered his face, has not seen such a narcissistic!
Songcheng also pumped the corner, is not a reporter? Why does this forget-the-table worship of her so much?
Shen Liangchuan lips can not help but slightly hook up, did not speak, those eyes are flashing fine light.
Joe love seems to have not even noticed a few people look like, continue to open the mouth: "We mixed entertainment circle, of course, a few well-known reporters a lot of attention." This Joe love, I really pay attention! "
Shen Liangchuan has always felt that as a reporter to dig others privacy is not good, take this opportunity, of course, for their own to say a few good words.
She stretched out the fiber jade finger, "This Joe love ah, into the journalistic industry but more than half a year, has dug up several big news." First, there were two stars competing for the Women's No. 1, one of which squeezed the other down, which she later reported.
Still want to say something, Gao Youming has coughed, interrupted her.
Joe fell back in love, "Are you not feeling well today?"
Songcheng: "How do you know this reporter is called Joe love ah, I remember, her pen name is Xiao Qiao, even if you know her, should only know the pen name is right."
Joe Love: ... Ya's Songcheng, actually set her language trap.
But...... Kill all do not admit, they are forget Sichuan.
Joe love again lying without blinking to open: "Because I have been with her for a long time, she is my idol, so of course I know ah!"
She hugged her chest, "Such a good girl, if married, her husband must cherish her."
"Cough! "Gao Youming really can't look down, directly forward, " the two slow walk. "
Songcheng this just looked at Shen Liangchuan, Shen Coolchuan faint look, through the joy of a little, he nodded, the first to go out.
Songcheng followed Shen Liangchuan downstairs, to the downstairs, this opened, "I think this forget sichuan, and Miss Joe is a bit similar, but you see her act, where is a little like Miss Joe?" Miss Joe is so quiet, she is too happy! "
Shen Liangchuan: ... How do you know that your eyes see Joe's love quiet?
Two people walked to the gate of the community and got on their own cars.
After a while, Songcheng found that Shen Liangchuan had not started the car, came over, rang his car window: "Shen brother, what's wrong?"
Shen Liangchuan: "No. "
"Then why don't you go?"
"You go first."
SongCheng: ..." Do you have anything else to do? "
"Well. "
Songcheng: ... So, just now you say one more word, will you die?
He sighed deeply and nodded, "Then I'll stay with you."
After all, it's a big star, and it's not good to be seen.
He leaned against the side of the car, lit a cigarette, took a sip, and then casually asked: "Shen brother, who are you waiting for?"
Songcheng: ... Come on!
When he didn't ask!
Shen Liangchuan and Songcheng left the room, Joe love this is a relief, the whole person is soft on the sofa.
Gao Youming stared at her with big eyes, "Forget Sichuan, I think ... You're a little wrong today! "
Joe gave him a white look. Gao Youming: "Even if you want to reject Songcheng, there is no need to make yourself into this look, it is simply unbearable to see ah!"
Joe sighed, "No way, I so national fragrance, if they see, to force me to sign how to do?"
Gao Youming: ..."A day is not narcissistic, will the dead die? "
Joe smiled and stood up and went into the bedroom to change his clothes.
Gao Youming this room is the equivalent of a two-person workroom.
He earns money purely on live television, so there are a lot of clothes in the room.
Joe love to change clothes, washed his face after coming out, saw Gao Youming is watching the game playback, heard her come out, can't help but sigh: "Forget Sichuan, you say this 'body chief' is too arrogant!" He just did, it was too dangerous.
Joe casually replied, "Because to the later, 'Jun's world' team level went up, round operation, they can not match each other." 'No corpse snoiss' inside, in fact, also 'the head of the corpse' a person is strong. "
Gao Youming nodded, "This is also, they can only take advantage of! Well, after all, there are not many people like Yuchuan now.
Joe interrupted him, "I'm leaving."
"Well, why don't you ask me about Segawa?"
Joe went to the door, "Ask you, you know?"
You know, not much I know! She changed her shoes, just about to go out, heard Gao Youming and opened: "Alas, what kind of expression do you have? Secretly tell you a secret. "
Joe fell in love with back.
Gao Youming nervously opened, "I do not know Zichuan, but I know Xiao Qiao ah!"
Joe Love: ...!
Joe's love is almost squirting out.
"What?"
This guy... Recognize yourself?
Gao Youming smiled with pride, "Haha, shocked it!" I tell you, I'm familiar with little Joe! "
In a word, let Joe love to draw the corner, this guy's handypsy is really getting stronger and stronger.
She laughed twice and turned and went out.
"Aren't you curious about Little Joe?"
Gao Youming looked at the back of Joe's love, "Really don't want to know what Joe is doing now?"
Joe waved and entered the elevator.
What is Joe doing now?
Of course she's working as a journalist.
It's hard, are you still playing games?
Keep playing the game... This thought out, Joe's eyes, is a sinking.
Shirakawa... Is it because of that thing that you resent yourself?
The thought came out, like crazy hovering around her mind.
She shook her head and waved away her mind before looking ahead again.
Zichuan has become a past style, Joe love, don't always think of him!
The "Ding" elevator is here.
She walked out and went to the door of the neighborhood.
Two steps away, suddenly heard someone in front of her excitedly shouting: "Miss Joe!"
As soon as she looked up, she saw Songcheng standing in the distance!
Her sight fell on Shen Liangchuan in the car!
Joe's loving heart lifted up and stared wide.
These two men are standing here, specifically for intercepting her?
She was startled and heard Song's excited opening, "Miss Joe, why are you here?"
He said this sentence, looked back, glanced at the car in The Shen Liangchuan, all of a sudden understand why he saw him here.
Joe love scared to swallow the mouth, this just went forward, came to two people in front of, showing a smile, "Good coincidence, you will be here?"
Shen Saido: "You are here ... Digging the news? "
Joe love he giggles, "I, yes, i heard forget Sichuan here to do live broadcast ah, so I will come to see."
"Did you dig it?"
"No. "
"I can tell you the room number. "
So how did this man suddenly become so good?
Tell her room number to get her to dig up the news?
She stared at him warily, "Uh, that, no!"
Shen Liangchuan did not embarrassed her, but looked forward, opened: "Where are you going now?"
Joe fell in love with the subconscious answer: "Go home."
"Well, get in the car."
He's here, are you going to take himself home?
Why do you think that reality is so mysterious?
She walked to the co-pilot's seat, got in the car, and sat there.
The afterglow of the eye angle always looks to Shen Liangchuan.
He has been in this way since she last saved Song Yuanxi.
Being good to her made her feel unfathomable and made her feel uneasy.
Joe fell down his head and couldn't help but despise himself.
Joe shook his head, put these messy ideas behind him, looked ahead again, found that ..." Shen first ... Shen Liangchuan, this is not the way home ah! "
Shen Coolchuan gave her a faint look, "Well. "
What's the meaning of "hmm"?
This guy is too much of a word, it's just... Smouldering!
Was in the belly, but heard him say, "Let's go to dinner."
Going to dinner?
He's taking himself to see a friend?
Joe sat up straight and looked down at her clothes, and she was wearing a sweater, jeans and white board shoes today.
Can you really meet your friends in this casual dress?
She suddenly got a little restless.
However, Shen Liangchuan did not speak, should be able to do it.
The car came to a private restaurant, Shen Liangchuan got out of the car, forward, she followed.
Two people went to the room, Joe love this only found that only the two of them eat.
She was flattered at once... But he felt scared.
He waited outside the apartment just to pick her up for dinner?
This guy... Do you know if she forgets Sichuan?
She gritted her teeth and looked at him with caution, "Shen Liangchuan, do you invite me to dinner?"
Shen Said, "Well. "
Shen Liangchuan looked up, "Sit down."
Joe sat down with his love, and then continued to look at him.
Then I heard Shen's voice: "I want to ask you to help."
Shen Yingdi asked her for help? It's so rare!
Joe's love of the eyes, brush on the sudden light: "What?"
"Our company wants to sign up for forget, she seems to like you, you help me to persuade her."
Shen's voice is very recognizable and special.
So he said only one word, and the whole office was quiet.
Joe is in love.
The editor-in-chief is also silly eyes, unbelievable stare at their own mobile phone, "hit ... Wrong? "
The next moment, Joe fell in love, directly to the editor's mobile phone snatched over, shrillly said: "Love drops!" We got the phone wrong! "
Words fall, she smiled at the people around, quickly opened: "I am busy, hang up, a moment later to give you a call!"
Nor wait for Shen Yingdi to say a word, hang up the phone directly!
The whole room is still quiet.
Half loud, someone said: "Joe love, you are in love?"
Joe nodded.
"Your boyfriend's voice, how is it so like Shen Shadow?"
Joe's love lifted up, very serious opening: "Tell you, Shen Shadow is my husband!"
"Cut to know that you are Shen Shadow's powder, but you have a boyfriend, don't rob husband with us!"
She said so, we do not believe, one by one turned over, continue to work.
Joe love to hear this, but suddenly a trance.
Before marrying Shen, she was indeed a fan of his, but now... She's going to have to think about turning pink to black!
Then you hear the editor-in-chief's voice: "So, you know who Mrs. Shen is?"
Joe's love suddenly tightened that nerve: "No, but such a big news only give one day, you are not embarrassed me?" Or we're going to talk to the editor-in-chief? "
The editor-in-chief looked at her because she had dug up a few big news stories and was praised by the editor-in-chief.
The newspaper recently had a good staff rating, the editor-in-chief wanted to give her, but the editor-in-chief wanted to give their niece Su Meimei, this only want to do everything possible to suppress her.
The editor-in-chief did have a scruple, "Well, give you three more days!"
Joe laughs brilliantly, "No problem! Thank you editor-in-chief. "
Editor-in-chief cold hum, before leaving to drop a sentence: "Joe love, when you still can not finish the task, don't blame me not to talk about the face!"
Joe spits his tongue at her back before she sits down.
A colleague came up, "Joe, your boyfriend's voice is so nice, you call again, let him say a few words?"
Joe Love: ... You think Shen Liangchuan is a dog, let him call two he called?
Find an excuse to get rid of, she is going to record and just written the manuscript first, but she suddenly realized ... The recorded cell phone is still in The Hand of Shen Liangchuan!
Joe found a place where no one was going to call his cell phone.
The phone rang several times before being answered, and Shen said, "Hey."
"It's me!" Joe looked around and felt like a thief, "I should have taken the wrong phone. "
"Not as it should be, but indeed. "Even through the phone, you can feel the cool tone.
Joe said: "I didn't mean to, so I'm going to the crew to change back with you."
Say hello to the editor-in-chief, and Joe leaves the newspaper.
Half an hour later, she was outside the group, saw the last time she into the group to change the drug of the little girl: "Miss Joe, Miss Shen is filming, let you as a visiting reporter into the group."
Joe took the work certificate and went with her to the scene of the filming.
Not far away, Shen Liangchuan is trying the play, a look up to see the familiar body shape.
Joe love incredible look at Shen Liangchuan, feel ... It's really a rock that hit your own foot!
She opened her mouth, opened it again, wanted to say something to reject him, but to see his definite look, refused how to say no.
"But she's been with you, God for a long time, and I think she'll be glad to see you."
God has been four words for a long time, Shen Liangchuan accentuated the tone, so that Joe really hate to bite down his tongue!
She stared at Shen, trying to see if he said it because he saw something, or whether everything was a coincidence.
But this guy is very good at the gas, the face is still light, so that she can not see anything.
Never mind!
The boat to the bridgehead is naturally straight!
She perfunctoryly opened, "Then I'll try."
Shen Liangchuan glanced at her, faintly lowered her head, and then opened: "Please you."
Joe's love to hear this, and he raised his head.
Please, please?
This is Shen Liangchuan to her, the most polite words.
She winked her eyes and couldn't help but say, "Is it really so important to you to forget The River?"
At this time, the door of the room was pushed open.
The waiter came in, put the food in his hand on the table, and the conversation was interrupted.
Wait until the waiter left, Joe love to stick out chopsticks, is going to clip that one of the fattest little yellow fish, but another pair of chopsticks, but faster than her clip.
Joe love a slug, look edifice, see Shen Liangchuan will be small yellow fish clamped up.
Well, no one's fast, delicious with her no chance!
Just think of this, in front of a pair of chopsticks.
She looked up in surprise and saw Shen Coolchuan put the little yellow fish in her bowl.
Joe love sanciting at the little yellow fish, watching with caution Shen Liangchuan: "What do you want to do?"
No matter, non-rape is theft!
Shen Liangchuan didn't really intend to be embarrassed by her.
But invited her to a meal, and what was she so surprised about?
It's like I must have had something like that. Especially now, a small yellow fish, like a dagger, let her so nervous?
He had to continue the topic he had just said, "I'm waiting for the good news to forget."
Is this guy a fixation?
She bowed her head and looked at the fish.
In fact, Shen Liangchuan wants to sign her, she is really happy.
How many times before fantasized, can work with Shen Liangchuan, he is his idol.
But when this innocent came, she found that she did not have this qualification.
She must not appear in public... So, even if you're short of money, I've never wanted to get into the entertainment industry.
Gao Youming often said that she, as a female anchor, the heat is noisy, as long as a face, he guaranteed her monthly income of hundreds of thousands.
But she was never unwilling, for money, even the body sold, not to mention a face? She can't!
She used chopsticks to hold the little yellow fish, put it in her mouth, but felt the food was out of taste.
Then I heard Shen's voice, "She has any difficulty, you can tell me."
Joe love to lift, found that Shen Liangchuan has bowed his head, seriously eat.
He eats also very good-looking, elegant movement, a look to know the origin of the door, from a young culture out of etiquette.
This man, must have been born wrapped in a golden spoon, right?
It's just that...... Why did Shen yudi enter the entertainment industry?
Shen Liangchuan haomen origin, family should be very good, but the general haomen people look down on entertainment stars, how can he enter the entertainment circle?
These questions, which she had never considered before, suddenly thought of them and realized that... She didn't know him at all.
In addition to knowing that he is the film emperor, in addition to knowing him in the entertainment world all the way from a small transparent to a hot big star.
Like Song Yuanxi, so inexplicably living in their home, but he never, want to explain to her under the meaning.
It's because... Sooner or later, I'm going to divorce myself, so don't you have to say it?
She remembered the night they had married, and what he said.
Keep your own inmind.
Think of here, the small yellow fish in the mouth suddenly became a little bitter, she hung her head, after a long time, finally replied: "Good."
A meal, the next meal has a snack absent.
After eating, Joe loves to sit in Shen's car, to drive home.
On the way, her cell phone suddenly rang, picked up to find that it was the editor-in-chief called.
She frowned slightly, answered, opposite came the editor-in-chief's voice: "Joe love, Wang Wenhao hit you a slap, you have a few days of rest?"
Joe clenched his lips.
The editor-in-chief continued, "Oh, or do you want to go to work?" That also please submit the resignation application to the company! "
Joe said with a smile, "I'll go to work tomorrow."
Editor-in-chief cold hum: "You are still a little self-conscious! To you, Shen Shadow I that line, you give me a close eye! "
Having said this, hang up the phone.
Joe love to the mobile phone left his mouth, can't help but scold a: "old witch!"
After swearing, throw your phone in your pocket.
Perceived the cool sight around her, she suddenly had a stiff body.
Hemp eggs!
How did she forget! What she's doing now is Shen Kukawa's car!
The guy must have heard what she had just muttered.
Ah, ah!
She sat up straight, bowed her head, and couldn't wait to turn herself into air.
Shen Liangchuan suddenly opened: "What do you usually scold me for?"
Joe love: "Oh, how can I scold you"Asshole!
"Are you sure?"
Joe love: "Definitely and certainly!"
Shen Liangchuan is satisfied.
The vehicle to the home, two people get off, Shen Liangchuan with a bath towel to the bathroom before opening to her: "Now contact forget Sichuan."
Joe love: "I don't know how to contact her ah, and so I got her contact information, then it!"
Shen Liangchuan heard this, picked up the eyebrows, "You do not have her WeChat? I saw you ring praise for her friends. "
What you want to say, Shen Liangchuan has entered the bathroom.
This bastard!
She sat viciously on the sofa, be sure to think of a way to make a point for him.
But how can forget-for-kagawa refuse him, but can humiliate him?
Joe love suddenly eyes a bright! Wait until Shen Liangchuan came out, you saw Joe love sitting on the sofa, smiling staring at him, face full of pride: "Forget the news!"
She said, want to sign with her, first play a game with her, win again! "
So, how could Shen win her?
In this world, playing the game can win her, when only Segawa.
It can even be said that she plays the game, are brought out by Egawa. From the beginning just casualplay, to later addiction, and then to the end, become a master, and even play the game as a pursuit of life.
Joe love to hook up the lips, so, she may not be compared to Shen Liangchuan in other ways, but said playing the game, that is definitely her strong point.
Win him, and then he's speechless, right?
Thinking of it here, she looked to Shen Liangchuan.
He had just finished his bath and was wrapped in a bath towel, revealing his strong chest and abs.
There was no chandelier in the room, only a yellow headlamp, so that his skin glowed with honey.
His face is like a godwork carving, five officials exquisite to the common indignation of the gods. The face is clearly contoured and fortitude.
So, even if he looks so beautiful, but the body has never had a sense of motherhood, the whole person gives a very masculine feeling.
Outside the window star bright, today is BJ rare no haze weather.
But at this moment, Joe love is too late to enjoy those beautiful scenery, because, to her, the world's most beautiful star, in front of her.
The star, on the darkest days of her life, pointed the way for her.
Therefore, she has a feeling beyond worship of Shen Liangchuan, that kind of feeling, let her face Shen Liangchuan, always feel dwarf first."
She love from small to large, has always been a petite girl, high on, even if the family later fell, she has never been so accommodating to people, in addition to Shen Liangchuan.
So, she actually had some complaints in her heart.
Now, she will use the identity of forget sichuan, teach this person, but also to find a little face for themselves.
She was suddenly excited when she thought of it.
Don't know wait, Shen Liangchuan by their own fart snooze urine flow, will not cry?
She looked at him, but saw him look still light, let people can not see the change of mood, that a calm and idle look, so that Joe love can not help but laugh.
install, continue to install.
I'll let you lose your pants later!
She herself, and then stared at Shen Liangchuan, "Shen Liangchuan, forget sichuan is a game female anchor, playing the game is very strong, dare you dare to play?"
It's not about not playing, it's dare not, it's obviously exciting.
I don't believe the man will refuse.
Sure enough, he looked up.
That pair of dark and deep mules, exudes a complex expression, this is afraid?
Just thinking about it, I heard him say, "Okay." When is it? "
Of course the sooner the better!
But if you play now, don't it expose?
Joe's love eyes turned around, looking at the room.
How can not let him find that he is playing the game, but also the first time, see him out of the ugly look Ni?
It's a tangled problem.
Joe stood up and went to the bathroom, "Tomorrow night."
When that fell, she closed the door and took off her clothes.
Because there is still a wound on her body, so she can not take a bath, can only take a towel to wipe, she looked in the mirror, clean edited herself again, but on the back, but how can not wipe past.
In the tangle, the bathroom door was suddenly pushed open, Joe's love startled, suddenly turned back, saw Shen Liangchuan came in.
She immediately picked up a bath towel and wrapped her body, "What are you doing here?"
Joe's love is really startled. She and Shen Liangchuan married, soon a month, two people living together although not much time, but these days, Shen Liangchuan never say hello do not say, rushed to the bathroom.
She bit her lip and stared, and the man... Is it to come and talk to her about what?
But she clearly all wounded, he still want that look, too beast!
As soon as the idea came out, she became more alert, but saw Shen Kukawa step forward, said: "I'll help you."
Help her? What's she doing for her?
But he picked up the towel from the basin, screwed it, and held her shoulder, "Where else?"
This is...... To help her wipe her body?
Joe love only feels that his brain is not enough.
This guy... Would it be too good for her, too? "Well, " he said. "
Shen Liangchuan saw her for a long time do not speak, just staring at him with a pair of round eyes, although wrapped in a bath towel, but exposed delicate shoulders, collarbone good-looking and sexy.
Her skin is very white, being pinched can be swollen for a few days, not to mention the last time she was beaten?
Those bruises, let him see a warm, more gentle action.
Joe love this only back to God, swallowed the mouth and mouth said: "Behind."
Shen Liangchuan walked behind her and suddenly lifted the bath towel.
That action is fast, Joe love is too late to react!
She subconsciously tried to pick it up, but her shoulders were held down by his warm hand, and then his voice came from the neck behind her neck: "Don't move."
Warm breathing sprayed in her ears, so that her whole body is frozen, only feel the small abdomen as if there is a fire, snortuping up, let her feel dry tongue.
The temperature of the big hand on the shoulder, also like a stove, slowly spread through her shoulders to the whole body.
She was bare- and her shoulders were unconsciously raised, and her nervous lungs were like no air.
Behind the hot towel applied, that kind of heat, excited her body elsewhere, a fine chicken skin, physical sensitivity reached the limit of life.
She could clearly see that the hand on the towel rubbed gently on her back.
From the neck position, along the spine all the way down to the tail vertebrae.
Joe's love cheek burned more red, feel that the big hand to wipe the buttocks past, hurriedly stopped him, "there, there wiped!"
Shen Kukawa action, the voice is obviously also a little hoarse, low "oh" a cry, bypassed her ass, loosened her shoulder.
Joe relaxed the whole person and heard his voice, "Okay."
Of course she knows!
Well, you're going out.
Joe bit his lips and turned his head quietly, and saw Shen Coldchuan staring at the scorching eyes of her body.
That kind of eyes, like to Joe's love added a fire, so that her whole body skin because of shy, showing pink.
She bowed her head, picked up the bath towel, and wrapped herself in a panic, "Well, well, let's go out."
When that fell, she ran outside, but was too flustered and tripped at her feet.
She let go of her hand in a panic and caught Shen Liangchuan!
The bath towel was not wrapped tightly, she so loose, suddenly slipped down again.
Shen Liangchuan pumped the corners of his mouth, all the patience was exhausted, the forehead was straight, i hate to pry open the woman's head, to see what is stuffed inside.
Can be on Joe's love efforts to stare, but because of the swelling and slit clear eyes, all his emotions, and finally can only be turned into helpless: "Little Joe, I am your husband."
Joe's love suddenly froze.
She looked at the man in front of her in dismay.
His look was so determined, and that sentence, with irresistible command.
So...... Is that what she thought?
She bit her lip.
When Shen Said the first words, she actually had the idea.
But she dare not be delusional.
At the moment, listening to Shen Liangchuan say this, she still feels incredible.
She stared at the man in front of her, staring at her, and suddenly wanted to laugh.
So move, and pullthe the wound, she had to bandage her face, and then slowly open the mouth: "Mr. Shen, in fact... You don't have to be so polite. "
She bowed her head, "The reason Why I went to save Song Yuanxi was because I liked this little girl. Not to get your mercy."
Shen's attitude towards her, from the initial cold disdain, to the sudden gentleness, all this makes her feel uneasy.
Her resistance made Shen Coolchuan squint.
Originally, the girl did not think so simple, she has long seen their intentionah ah.
But with the interjection to confuse the past, in order to push him away.
He frowned, and a shadow came to his heart.
Want to say something, but on the woman's restless and tangled eyes.
All the emotions suddenly in the heart, let his mouth open, and finally opened, "You can call my name."
Name?
Joe was surprised again.
He's... Have you compromised?
She coughed and mouthed: "Shen Liangchuan."
"Well. "
He did have a smile on his face.
Two people face to face, look at me, I look at you.
There was a strange silence in the room for a while.
Joe love and Shen Liangchuan get along, this quiet moment a lot, can be embarrassed before, but now, this quiet but flowing a sweet atmosphere. When you're embarrassed, you can't help laughing.
But the corner of the mouth is a pump, the face is a pain.
She stretched her face in a hurry.
That pair want to laugh but can't laugh look, caused Shen Liangchuan pumped the corner of his mouth, suddenly grinning.
He first smiled, but he laughed, looked up, on Joe's incredible expression, can't help laughing.
Joe is sitting in his hospital bed, and it's speechless at the moment!
This man... He's showing that he can laugh, can't he laugh?
That's too much!
At this moment, outside the ward, Xia Yehua and Song Yuanxi, standing there, both of them have a surprised expression on their faces.
Xia Yehua turned his head, "The original Xi, I this is ... You're not right, are you? Shen Liangchuan he's laughing? "
From one day eight years ago, he never smiled again.
Xia Yehua's light gradually became beautiful, after a while laughed, "I am also worried about Shen Liangchuan to small Joe is casual, now is finally at ease!"
Yang Lingsi's two small assistants rushed to her side, forced her up.
One of them wondered and opened his mouth: "How can there be a smell?"
All the eyes of the crew fell at Yang Lingsi's feet, and saw her pants dripping wet, apparently scared urine.
Everyone brushed their heads together, one shoulder to shoulder.
Yang Lingsi slowly turned back to God, watching the reaction of the people around him, "wow" on the cry. Lost the dead!
As a actress, this will be her acting career will never erase the black history!
Because Yang Lings is frightened, so we temporarily rest, Shen Liangchuan sitting under the umbrella, the agent gathered past, "Shen brother, you a racing enthusiast, even the brakes and throttle are not clear?" You did not mean, but how did Yang Lingsi provoke you? "
Shen Cold River gave him a cold glimpse, the agent immediately reached out, "ok, I don't ask!"
In the taxi, already well-written Joe love, rushed into the company, only half an hour, edited a live and flexible article.
Among them, Yang surnamed actress to borrow a film emperor on the hot search, but also a pair of natural ugly face, described very vivid, sharp words, sarcasm means obvious.
By the time the last word was used, Joe's right hand was soft, and she was satisfied with stretching out a lazy waist.
If you dare to hit her, you will accept the revenge of her pen!
Move the line of sight from the screen, see Su Meimei is standing behind the screen, see her look up, sarcastically smiled: "Oh, the performance of serious again, today is not to roll!"
The sound is a little high, so that the people in the office, brushing and looking at it.
Joe love to pick up eyebrows, hand to hold the chin, lamented, "Su Meimei, I really closed the moon shy spent a little bit, but you do not have to pay attention to me so much time, I am not lily ah!"
Will the separation letter be written? Don't use me to help you! "
Joe laughs: "Ah, although you have more experience than me, but I do not need it yet!" The crowd burst into laughter.
Su Meimei was quick to die, turned to see the editor-in-chief black face out of the office, Su Mei Mei li immediately opened: "Editor- "
The editor-in-chief heard this, glared Joe love, holding the mobile phone came, "Joe love, you do not want to do it!" I've called you so many times, how dare you not answer? Joe was puzzled to pull out his phone from his bag, "My cell phone didn't respond!"
The editor-in-chief bowed his head, opened the hands-free, the phone sounded "Du-Du-Du-" sound, "I'm here to get through no one to answer the state, how can your cell phone not ring? You think you don't need to give the results today without answering my phone?"
Joe love to open the phone, but into the eye is a strange screensaver.
Electric flint, she suddenly remembered that she was throwing the phone on the sofa, but at work but from the coffee table to take, that she took the mobile phone ... Whose is it? An idea, sprang up.
As if to verify her guess, the editor-in-chief's phone was suddenly connected.
Opposite directly sounded the impatient voice of Shen Liangchuan: "Hey."
Joe love is staring wide of eyes to look at Shen Liangchuan smile, ward door was pushed open.
Xia Yehua came in with Song Yuanxi.
Song Yuanxi bit his lips, red eyes, one into the door, can not help but shed tears: "Tweezers, Sorry ... I'm not to blame, I didn't think he was that kind of person. "
In a word, let Joe's love look up.
Xia Yehua can't help but open his mouth: "Well, thanks to this thing there is no danger." But this time the matter also tells us that people who know each other on the Internet are all kinds of people, we must be vigilant. Don't do such a dangerous thing next time! "
Song Yuanxi nodded, and then went to the side, silently bowed his head to tears.
Joe stared at her.
She understands Song Yuanxi's mood now, must be particularly sad and sad.
But she still felt that Song Yuanxi was better than her.
At the very least, she can see exactly what the person she is in love with is.
At least, she understood that the other side had a plan.
But what about her?
Why did The River suddenly did not go to the appointment, Zichuan in the end is what is going on, to now, has not given her an account.
She actually thought a lot afterwards, and only thought of one reason.
If, Zichuan is because of her reasons to hate her, then, it can only be that one thing.
She bowed her head and looked at her bandaged right hand.
Joe love the injury looks serious, in fact, the group is not a special hitter, so there is no fracture or anything, three days later for discharge procedures.
Shen Hasbeen spent almost every day in the hospital during this time.
Two people also do not speak much, Joe love boring on brushing micro-blog, Shen Liangchuan is to read the script.
The atmosphere in the room was so strange and quiet that when the carer came in to clean, he couldn't help but look at the two men in disbelief.
Three days later, she moved home, Gao Youming's phone, and called again.
"Forget Sichuan, three days ago that live broadcast, you did not participate, you said, you are busy this time what, this has been cancelled several times?"
Gao Youming sighed, "In fact, I have not understood you, now the female anchor income is very high, the electric female anchor also has a number of people into two million, if you can set your heart to do female anchor, why now this situation?" Joe smiled and didn't speak.
Gao Youming directly opened again, "You now have fame, I guarantee, if you will be in the live broadcast of the face, will certainly be the fire, will become the leader of the host world, you such three days fishing, two days of sun-tanned, income can not be raised ah!"
Joe love to hear this, silent for a moment, and finally said: "I can't show my face."
It's not that I don't want, it's not that I don't dare, it's not.
Gao Youming heard her say this, and was not reluctant, and this topic has been done many times over the years.
He said directly, "There's an electric race this afternoon. "
Joe love to know, he has put Gao Youming several times pigeons, now open, "Go, I will go now!"
Hanging up, she looked at the dresser in the master bedroom, and the woman's cheek in the mirror had not yet swelled.
She took a mask and hat, covered strictly, downstairs is going out, Shen Liangchuan suddenly pushed the door in, saw her look, a slight, "Where are you going?"
Didn't Shen Liangchuan go out for a meeting today?
Why did you come back so early?
She's like this, can she still go out?
She coughed, whispered, and his eyes turned around: "There's a news in the newspaper that lets me dig, and I'm going to get there."
Shen Liangchuan, a sunshine, now commanded: "No to go." Joe's love looked up, "Mr. Shen..." the words did not finish, saw his eyebrows pick, changed the name, "Shen Liangchuan, that, I work on things, can you not interfere?"
Would she be unhappy if he forced her to stay?
Shen Coldchuan snorted his lips, "protect yourself."
"Shen Liangchuan you can rest assured! I'll definitely get out safe and come back safely! "
She even playfully saluted, which ran downstairs, the cheerful look, people can not help but tick the lips.
But in the end or not rest assured that she, Shen Kukawa paused, downstairs, driving out, see in front of the walk ingress.
He thought the other side would take a taxi, but did not expect to see her go to the bus stop, actually got on the bus.
Originally, she this time to go to work, has been doing the bus?
He drove up and followed all the way to a residential area.
He was going to drive in, the phone suddenly rang up, opposite the sound of Songcheng, "Shen brother, I got the message of forgetful Sichuan today, she is going to live! I'm going to stop her now! "
Shen Liangchuan faint "hmm" a cry, also want to say something, opposite the song city came the next voice, "but, guess who I saw?"
Shen Kukawa, "Who?"
"You! Shen, what are you driving around the gate of the community? You're here to persuade you to forget Sichuan? "
Shen Liangchuan is a ripple, turn edgy, see not far from Songcheng's car parked there. He hung up the phone and he pulled over.
Songcheng farts run over, Shen Liangchuan preemptive: "How are you here?"
"Gao Youming is at home every time he is live. Forget Sichuan is too mysterious, now who do not know her identity, I think our brokerage company want to sign her, can only go high Youming this road! I have got the door number of Gao Youming's house and will stop people directly in their house for a while."
Shen Kukawa is indispensable "hmm" a cry.
Songcheng opened the door for him, "Shen brother, if you go with me, first say good ah!" People forget Sichuan live never show face, so it is likely to look bad, but this year, look bad make-up can also see people, so I guess, this forget sichuan is likely to have any thing incomplete, if you see others, but not to make a bad appearance ah! "
A word fell, Shen Cool Chuan cool look at him.
Songcheng immediately closed his mouth.
Two people walked to the residential area, to Gao Youming's home, rang the doorbell, and soon, the door was opened.
Joe's love was at Gao Youming's house when he was live with Gao Youming.
She does not want to appear in public, the income is also high yuming to her, so she in the live broadcast world although because of the mystery and small fame, in fact, income is not high, at most can only improve life.
She has a limited number of monthly live streams and never receives interviews or ads.
Gao Youming while debugging side to ask her, "I really don't know, you live for what."
Joe's love to raise lips, "Of course because of interest ah!"
Gao Youming, "Interest?"
"Well, I like to play games. "
Joe's not much to say. But Gao Youming was suddenly mobilized to chat, "I also like to play games, and My favorite game is lot, this classic game, now playing fewer and fewer people. Although many games now look and see better than the original, but I still feel that the lot is long-lasting. "
Joe listened to him and nodded.
Gao Youming continued, "Have you ever played lot?"
Not waiting for Joe to answer, he said to himself, "Calculate, when lot prevails, you only went to high school then?" The study is heavy, and there is definitely no time to play games."
Lot... Ah!
Joe laughed.
Gao Youming looked, five minutes away from the live broadcast time, so opened again: "In fact, you see now these are called the great god of the people playing the game is very strong, but really powerful master, the real ancestor, in the lot inside. That's the inside of The river, if put in the present, that is no.1! "
Joe loves, "Do you know Segawa?"
heart, and raised it suddenly.
It was the first time in so many years that she heard someone say that Segawa had been heard.
Gao Youming is a few years older than her, and when lot is prevalent, it should be in college, maybe... He'll know Sekawa, where does he know?
The thought of Yuchuan, her heart banged up.
She only understood, originally thought that has forgotten the person, because these days frequently remembered, and produced an expectation.
"There is also a play Joe's people, give themselves a name also called Joe, hey hey, I tell you, that is the ancestral character! Don't say That Zichuan has been strong to the opposite day, little Joe's operation is very strong, in addition to Eichuan ah, I have not seen more than her! "
Joe's love of the mouth corner pumped. This look, apparently by Gao Youming misunderstanding, "You don't this expression ah, this little Joe really doesn't look like a girl, play very good! Everyone once suspected that she was a male playwoman!"
Joe love face a little shy color, was so in person to praise god horse, too embarrassed!
She was going to say something more when the doorbell rang suddenly.
Gao Youming walked over, opened the door directly, "Who will come to me ah!" Is it a courier? "
When the words fall, I hear Songcheng's voice, "Hello, I come to find forget sichuan."
Joe was sitting in the seat, live broadcast there is a minute to start, she did not care, but suddenly heard the familiar sound at the door, started the whole person jumped up.
She turned her head sharply, "bang" to close the main bedroom door to her own!
As a male anchor, Gao Youming certainly wants to get mixed into the entertainment world, so he pays special attention to the events in the entertainment world.
Songcheng he certainly knew, the point is ... Behind Songcheng, this man with a mask and sunglasses... Is it Shen Liangchuan?
He's completely dazzled by the characters who appear edabeined himself!
To the word has not said the exit, heard behind the door, he a clever, back to God, immediately stopped at the door.
He stared at Songcheng, "Well, we... Well, please wait a minute.
He almost forgot that the premise of Joe's promise to broadcast the game live with him was not to show his face.
And Gao Youming can't reveal her whereabouts, let alone announce her photos.
Songcheng originally thought that his face appeared, the other side will be obedient lying to him into the door.
But didn't expect to be rejected? Is it the little rabbit cub in front of you, don't know himself?
He frowned and felt like he had been hurt by ten thousand points, "You may not know me, I'm Songcheng."
The other side was still blocking the door.
Who doesn't even know about Songcheng?
Neymar is hurt!
Song continued: "I am... Shen's agent. "
The other side is still blocking the door.
Songcheng side opened the body, revealing Shen Liangchuan, "even if you do not know me, should know him?"
Can not expect, the other side looked at Shen Liangchuan, even blocked the door.
Songcheng was relieved at once.
This guy does not even give Shen Shadow Emperor's face, that he is not a loss!
He chuckled, "You go and ask Forget chuan."
Gao Youming nodded.
He turned back, went to the bedroom door, do not know what to say, and then looked back, "forget sichuan said, we are about to start live, not convenient to entertain you, or ... You wait outside for a while? "
Gao Youming said this is all heartless.
Live a game for at least an hour, so let them wait "outside the door" for an hour?
This forget sichuan, say good, is actually refusing each other ah!
According to the other side's temper, certainly will not agree!
Look...... As soon as this remark came out, Songcheng's face changed.
I'll know, it's over!
Songcheng is indeed angry, is planning to speak, but heard Shen Coldchuan shallow opening: "Good."
Joe love to hide in the bedroom, but also always pay attention to the situation outside, heard this "good", the whole person is confused.
In fact, she let people wait outside, is to embarrass them, according to Songcheng's temper and Shen Liangchuan's pride, certainly turn around, there is not so much. But now, why would the other side say yes?
And, look at each other, so stand outside the door and don't want to leave.
She's in the room, can she still grow wings and fly away?
Is Shen really waiting for them for an hour outside his door?
Gao Youming would like to welcome people in, can think of forget the command of Sichuan, can only be so embarrassed to smile, closed the door.
He turned back and went into the bedroom, "Forget The River, you're too big."
Brokerage companies to find people forget Sichuan, these days endlessly, nothing but because she is more mysterious, have enough attention, want to sign her. Joe's love all refused.
But now come... It's Songcheng, it's Shen's Emperor!
Joe loves more headaches than Gao Yuming! How can this pass ah.
She bit her lip and sighed.
Looked at the time, too late to tangle, "live first." The crowd outside was putting pressure on her.
Really let them wait an hour... I'm afraid these gentlemen, one by one, won't do it.
After the live broadcast, maybe the group left on their own!
Think of here, Joe love to put down the heart. They are now live on this, is an eSports game, a team called "Jun Lin", is a veteran team, once in a qualifying race to get the first place.
Another team called "No Body less happy", is a new team, it is said that the team members, the oldest is only 18 years old, is this year's sudden rise of the dark horse.
The captain, named "The Moritus", likes to play with attacking characters, especially powerful, leading their team, step by step to the final semi-final.
Today, they are competing for a four-in-two qualifying match.
Gao Youming and Joe love staring at their game scene, began to live.
Two people you say a word, I say a word, say eagerly.
And with the burning of the war, the battlefield began to show white heat.
Suddenly, the center tower of the "No Body less Happy" team was attacked!
Gao Youming anxious to open the mouth: "'No corpses and no joys' concentrated on the middle road, but 'Jun's world' obviously studied their tactics in advance, from the side of the road concentrated to the center, 'no corpses do not happy' although came to the foot of the heavens, but at the moment also had to focus back to rescue ... Look at it! God, 'the corpse chief' actually a person back to the city, too arrogant!
That said, Joe said: "I just don't know you." 'The morgue' a person back to the city, must be a good time! "
When this falls, we see that they have sent special forces!
'The corpse chief' back to the city, blood full, coupled with the help of special forces, even to one enemy three, directly to kill each other!
At the same time, their teammates also knocked down the other side's center tower!
Gao Youming sighed: "It is so young, dare to do so. 
The guts are big! If it is a normal team, will collectively return to the city, first solve their own crisis, attack each other's things later. "
Joe smiled, but not yet relieved, suddenly thought of the people outside the door.
The game because of the 'no corpse is not happy' bold, twenty minutes actually ended early, that is now, Shen Liangchuan is still outside the door?
Joe love to think of here, the cat stood up, the cat body to the door of the cat's eye, look out, directly to the last big eyes!
Joe's love startled, and he backed away, and he heard Songcheng open, "Not good yet? I watched them live the game over! "
I haven't even left yet.
Also, i'm still watching the live game.
It's too much!
Joe anxiously walked around the room, touching his face for a while, and then scratching his hair.
The door was rang, Songcheng's voice came in, "Forget Sichuan, I know your live broadcast is over, open the door quickly!"
Joe love staring at the door, a bite of teeth, drilled into the next bedroom, "Gao Youming, go to open the door!"
Gao Youming had to walk over and open the door.
Songcheng and Shen Liangchuan impatiently walked in, Songcheng looked at the layout of the whole room, and Shen Liangchuan's line of sight, but suddenly fell in the bedroom.
Songcheng opened: "Forget Sichuan?"
Words fall, see Songcheng panicked staring at him, "forget Sichuan is indeed a personal demon?"
Gao Youming coughed, "I am Youming."
Youming and Yuchuan work together live, they know.
Songcheng this just patted his chest, "scared me to death! Forget Sichuan? "
This fell, and the door of the second bedroom opened.
Everyone brush ingres to see the past, Songcheng suddenly startled, "I go to ...!" Shen Liangchuan looked past his sight, saw a woman, head scale face, not, not scale face, face coated with a thick layer of fans, big eyes made makeup is very messy, that makeup, like a ghost, even the original five officials can not see!
Moreover, she was wearing a loose-fitting big plush pajamas, sleeping hazy out, saw two people, coarse-voiced opening: "Hello, I am forget Sichuan."
Gao Youming are startled, others see the agent will dress themselves beautiful, but this forget sichuan ... How amazing!
Joe love heart of the united sat down, thinking of their own this look, I'm afraid the other side must go?
If such their own, the other side also want to sign, that is incredible.
Songcheng stares at her hard, and thinks it's just so weird!
Joe love so generous to the other side to measure, and then directly open: "You ... What's the hell? "
Said, but also stretched out his finger, buckled his feet.
That appearance, is simply how much obscenity there is how obscenity!
Songcheng to Shen Liangchuan made a color, "that, we just come to see, nothing, we go first." Speak, stand up.
Such a person, if he wants to sign, it is brain damage!
Can not think of him to stand up, heard Shen Liangchuan said: "We QC entertainment company, want to sign with you, let you become our artist, do not know whether you have this plan?"
Songcheng a near-miss fell to the ground, Shen Shadow Emperor this is how?!
Joe's love is also almost a head stuffed to the ground.
Nima! She looks like this, Shen Liangchuan want?
This guy, don't you recognize himself?
Before the words were finished, it was interrupted coldly by Shen Liangchuan: "Mom, have you had breakfast?"
Xia Yehua replied, "I've eaten." Looking back, I stopped, "Where have I just been?"
Shen Liangchuan pointed to the sofa, " said sit down. "
Three people seated, Joe love can not help but look to Song Yuanxi.
Xia Yehua just said the meaning is obvious, she is not Shen Liangchuan's first love, and ... Shen Liangchuan should not have that feeling on Song Yuanxi, they have known for eight years, if he would like Song Yuanxi, they have been together.
But... Joe love to look at Shen Liangchuan a glance, why she felt, just Xia Yehua want to say what important information, but was interrupted by Shen Liangchuan?
She looked at Song Yuanxi again, what did she feel about Shen Liangchuan?
Even if i don't know love when I was a child, can grow up, in the face of Shen Coldriver, not moving heart is difficult?
Song Yuan Xi sat well around Xia Yehua, at this moment is bowing his head, to Xia Yehua kneading shoulders, speaking a thin voice, low, very gentle and very shy look.
Xu is aware of Joe's love in looking at her, so looked up at Joe's love, with her eyes to the eye, cheeks suddenly rose red.
She smiled shyly, and then continued to bow her head, afraid to look at her.
The guts are small, just like rabbits.
Joe love is thinking so much, Shen Kuanchuan opened, "graduated from college, what are you going to do next? Study ingress, or work? "
Song Yuanxi raised the deer-like eyes, on the eyes of Shen Liangchuan, immediately scared a moment, her mouth opened, seems to want to say something, to the mouth of the words turned into: "Brother, I listen to you."
Shen Liangchuan undetectable frowning, you can see Song Yuanxi afraid of the look, the voice put very low very gentle: "The original Xi."
He called her name, which was particularly nice.
Let Joe's love heart cross a touch of acid.
Then Joe love to hear his follow-up temptation: "YuanXi, this is your life, I can't do anything for you to take the idea, can you tell me, what do you want to do?"
Song Yuanxi looked at Xia Yehua, Xia Yehua laughs: "You this child, how many times to tell you, do not take yourself as an outsider, you are my dry daughter, want to do what to do! Is there anything I can't say? "
Song Yuanxi bit his lip, half a loud after Nono's answer: "I, I want to act."
"No, I can't." Shen Liangchuan simply refused to let go, scared Song Yuanxi all over the body, directly bowed his head.
Shen Liangchuan wanted to get angry, suddenly in the chest.
Just then, his cell phone rang, he looked at Song Yuanxi, went to the balcony, answer the phone.
The atmosphere in the living room suddenly became relaxed.
She turned to see to Joe love, "Little Joe, help me to persuade her, she actually online love! What's on this network is fake, can it be relied on? "
Song Yuanxi's face rose into a pig liver color, wrapped around Xia Yehua's arm anxious opening: "Auntie, we are not good not to say out? Why did you say that again! "
Xia Yehua poked her nose, "If it wasn't for the silly way I saw you talking and laughing on your cell phone, I didn't know you were in love! Are you your mother? Don't tell me such a big thing! I tell you, internet love this kind of thing, firmly not reliable! "
"Young people ... Do you ask your sister-in-law, do you have real feelings on the Internet? "
A word fell, two people all brush together to see to Joe love.
Joe fell in love, and the whole person was stuck.
On the Internet, do you have any real feelings?
She had felt that there was.
Joe love drooping head, faint opening: "Things on the Internet are false, can not be taken seriously."
A word fell, the atmosphere of the whole room suddenly changed.
A cold air flow, forced over, so that everyone unconsciously closed their mouths, look edgy from the balcony into, the whole body cold cool river.
He still has his cell phone in his hand, apparently just after the call.
His eyes, but cold fixed in Joe's love body.
She just said... Everything on the network is virtual and cannot be taken seriously.
Oh.
What a ironic remark?
Because, he not only took it seriously, but also remembered for eight years.
How many eight years can a person's life have?
He clenched his fists in a hurry, only to feel the irony of everything in front of him, like a relentless taunt of his self-inflicted feelings.
These days, she is good to him, let him gradually soft, almost almost forgotten.
Eight years ago, she brought him, what kind of despair!
Oh, yes!
Eight years ago, she would have played him around, playing with him... What's more, now?
Shen Liangchuan's anger was endless, step by step into the living room.
His violent eyes made the three women in the room startled.
Song Yuan Shishi shivered, mouth murmured: "Cool River brother?"
Joe's love stared wide, unknown so.
She wanted to stand up, but his eyes, but like the substance of the stabbing to her, so that she did not move, even Zhangkou, can not say a word.
The room's strange quiet, with that kind of stormy atmosphere, was finally interrupted by Xia Yehua, she frowned, "Shen Liangchuan, what happened? Is there any big anecdote? "
In a word, it's like pulling him back to reality.
He twisted his brow, smiled coldly, suddenly turned around, picked up his coat, and strode out!
After a while, the sound of the vehicle starting came over and he had left.
The three women in the living room were all scared, look at me, I look at you, unknown so.
Joe love suddenly thought of what, hurriedly pickuped up the mobile phone, opened the micro-blog, found that 8 gossip magazine issued a report, directly to the drug use of the "Shen Liangchuan" to the hot search!
I reported Qiao surname reporter confirmed that yesterday Shen Shadow I was indeed in Huamao Hotel!
So, Shen Liangchuan think this news is her hair?
" You don't notice yourself, you find the newspaper to come! You look, and blame us! "
Joe love cold smile, but the mouth corner of the twist, all let the cheek squirming, she opened her mouth, want to talk, editor-in-chief Liu Zhixing on the step forward, "Well, Joe love injury is also a business, go to the hospital to see it, medical expenses, the company to give you reimbursement." "
He said this sentence, eyes staring at Joe love, look at the unusual wanton.
The appearance apparently told Joe that if he had not offended him, he would not have been taught the lesson of the time.
These guys... But it's really not face! Joe love bites the lips, gas and hate, she looked at the entire newspaper was stunned colleagues, this just opened: "Editor, this kind of thing, if the second time, I think we will not dare to dig up gossip later!" Oh, hard work, dig people's privacy, others come to the door to the newspaper but let him scold, we hang up the daily newspaper, is really for the staff to consider a good company! "
In a word, the sarcastic editor-in-chief's face for a moment white, a moment red.
Joe looked at the employees around him with angry expressions, drooping his eyes.
She took a deep breath and turned and walked away.
The immediate priority now is to deal with the wound.
She didn't see, and After she left the newspaper, she put away her cell phone.
The editor-in-chief looked back at the crowd and waved: "Okay, it's all gone!" "
Each of them returned to their station, but Su Meimei took the opportunity to enter the editor-in-chief's office.
The editor-in-chief smiled at her and said, "How's it going?" Did you get it? "
"Aunt, I tell you that my news this time is definitely more explosive than she did! Wang Wenhao beat Joe surnamed reporter, ha ha, this news will certainly make headlines! "
Joe left the newspaper, just out of the house, saw the eyes of the crowd to see her, she covered her face, took a taxi to the nearest hospital.
The results of the examination, the teeth did loosen some, to take good care of a period of time.
The scratch on the cheek was scratched by the ring on Wang Wenhao's hand, on anti-inflammatory drugs, the doctor said: "Well, will leave a scar first, estimated to take a month or two to eliminate." "
Joe nodded and looked in the mirror as if he had swollen into a pig's head.
Several plans to retaliate against the newspaper have flashed up in my mind, but they cannot be implemented yet.
She clenched her fist, took a deep breath, was not in a hurry, not in a hurry... Wait till she gets her press card.
Joe love back to the villa, directly upstairs, two nannies after all, not as careful as Li butler, did not notice her strange.
She lay on the big bed in the master's bedroom, icing her cheeks.
The hot pain on the cheeks, though relieved, is still painful.
That kind of grievance repressed she died biting her lips, bean big teardrops, or rolled down the cheeks.
She stretched out her hand and wiped away her tears, but the tears flowed uncontrollable.
" Soft eggs! What are you crying about? "
She cursed herself and wiped away tears.
Just then, the sound of the car's siren suddenly came from the ear.
She sat up, Shen Liangchuan... You're back?
Joe sat on the bed in surprise with a swollen face.
She jumped up, ran to the window to look out, saw Shen Liangchuan a black suit from the car down, elegant and expensive body, like a god, strode in.
Joe's loving heart was raised at once.
She looked in the mirror, the redness on her face, although under the ice has eased, but at a glance can see!
It's so serious that unless you put your face up, you'll be found.
She subconsciously didn't want Shen to know. She was beating fast in the room, in a hurry. What can i do next?
A week did not go home, Shen Liangchuan's inexplicable anger, only finally calmed.
At this point, she shouldn't be at home, so he went home to get the papers.
Cold face into the living room, he was about to change shoes, but saw Joe love that pair of white sneakers on the shoe cabinet.
So... She's home?
Shen Coolchuan moved a meal, raised his head.
The second floor was empty, and she did not come out.
What does she do in the room, sooner or later?
Ming knew he was back, and didn't come out to meet... Is it because of his anger that day that scared her?
Shen Liangchuan slightly undetectable frowned, face less expressionon upstairs.
Entering the study, he sat for a while, but the woman didn't come.
Shen Liangchuan picked up the document to come out, want to leave so directly, but through the master bedroom, but the ghost made god poor stop.
He stood at the door for a moment before laughing at his own mentality of suffering and loss.
This is his home, where versuised he wants to go, why do you care about her so much?
He reached directly and pushed the door open.
The dresser and sofa in the room, although looking neat, but for his cleaning habits, still seem a little messy, he frowned again, this guy ... Did you take up the room this week?
He looked around the room and ended up in the bathroom.
Walked past, intended to push open the bathroom, but found that the door was locked, the woman inside carefully asked: "Mr. Shen?"
Shen Liangchuan frowned and did it on the sofa, waiting for ten minutes.
The woman in the bathroom hasn't come out yet.
He got up, went to the door, reached out and knocked twice, and heard the woman inside the voice of the opening: "Mr. Shen, I pull the stomach ... If you use the toilet, use the room. "
I didn't see her fresh face for a week, he just wanted to see her.
Can hear this, Shen Kukawa frowned for the third time, bored mouth: "I went to work."
"Ah, well, go! "
She's so happy to hear she go to work?
Shen Liangchuan heart more stuffy, turned to go out, "bang" closed the door.
Downstairs, when i changed her shoes, I suddenly thought of her weak voice.
It's tummy... Is it serious?
He turned, found out the medicine from the drawer, was silent, or went upstairs.
Open the main bedroom door, see Joe love has come out of the bathroom, heard the door, she looked back in amazement!
Seeing her face, he frowned for the fourth time.
Shen Liangchuan frowned and stared at the girl in front of him.
Her face was covered with mess, looking green, sticky, jumping in the room, saw him, suddenly bent over, holding her stomach.
Shen's forehead beats a few times, and the whole person is not good: "What are you doing?"
Of course he knows it's a mask, but doesn't he mean tummy? And the mood to apply the mask?
Joe love to see his cold face, immediately tighten up his nerves, "that, in fact, the tummy and the mask is perfect!" After all, time in the toilet, too boring. "
Shen's forehead slipped down three black lines.
Joe coughed, "Would you like to try it?"
Shen Liangchuan resisted the impulse to scold her, and took a look at her face can not bear to see the mask, in the end or can not help but say: "You will not use the mask! It's so potholed? "
Is that a swollen face, okay?
But how do you pick up the subject?
She turned her eyes, bowed her head, and did something wrong, "That, I'm sorry... I longed for this mask for a long time, but has been unable to afford, today suddenly saw, an excited ... It's a lot of paint. "
Joe also looked up, took out the box of mask, "Mr. Shen, you want to apply with me?" It is also strange to say, other male stars are skin care, I see your home mask quite a lot, but how did you not see you used? "
In a word, let Shen Coldchuan's face black again.
She hurriedly waved: "Ah, I'm not saying you're not dedicated enough, your skin is not good, on the contrary, your skin is particularly good ... Are you, are you going to the beauty salon to do skin care, so the face mask at home is not used? I think it's going to expire, or... Can I help you? "
Shen Liangchuan forehead blue ribs straight jump, the medicine thrown on the coffee table, "eat three pills at a time, I left first." Then turn edit and leave.
After he left the room, Joe was relieved to have a crush on it.
Touched the face of the mask, silently for their own wit to do a praise.
Shen Liangchuan this person is the most cloudy and uncertain, she pretends to be a tummy tuck, in case he has to rush in?
So she flipped over in the bathroom and found the mask on her face just in case.
She looked at the medicine on the coffee table and looked a little stuck in her eyes.
He was gone and suddenly came back to give her medicine?
Is this an apology for the crime of the other day?
She picked up the medicine on the coffee table and smiled silently.
This apology, she reluctantly accepted it.
When the car was sure to leave, she rushed to the bathroom and washed off the mask on her face.
There are wounds on the face, mask coated, hot pain, wash down is also very hard, wait until wash the face, this only found their face red and swollen more severe.
Joe love silently holding the ice, sitting on the sofa, before the joy fades away, look lonely down.
Shen Liangchuan drove away from the villa, when the mobile phone rang.
He answered at will, opposite the voice of Songcheng: "Shen brother, you see the micro-blog? Wang Wenhao actually killed himself hit a reporter! "
Reporter?
Shen Liangchuan heard this, his eyes suddenly shrink.
He parked his car on the side of the road, hurriedly picked up his phone, and saw the video on Weibo.
Shen Kukawa opened the video on Weibo.
The video is not very clear, especially the girl above, only captured after being hit, with hair covering the cheek, so Songcheng did not see who that is.
Can shen Liangchuan's fist, but suddenly clenched.
This girl... Even in the face, he recognized it for the first time.
It's Joe!
Originally, everything, is because of this!
How stupid is she?
Will apply the mask to the face, she did not know, that will very likely to cause the wound inflamed.
At the thought of it, he turned the head and went straight to the villa.
On the road, he flashed a slap in the eyes, think of the picture of the girl was beaten two slaps, i hate to find Wang Wenhao, his whole person tore up!
When the car arrived at the villa, he was going to enter the door, but suddenly stopped.
Just a moment of manic, but also slowly calm down.
My mind is full of just girl look, it has to say, even across the mask, he can still notice her bright star.
His look suddenly a little trance, immediately, lips to a faint taunt.
She dug up the news for him. But now... I was so angry that I was afraid to tell him.
Why didn't you say that?
Because he warned her not to get him into trouble, right?
He wanted to get here, leaned against the car seat, looked through the window, and looked upstairs.
She should have just washed the mask on her face, and if she drove in, she would have to panic again.
Since she didn't want him to know, why would he go in and make her difficult?
His sight fell on the steering wheel, and there was an elusive look in his eyes.
When he and Joe played the game, in order to communicate, opened the voice.
On one occasion, they played the game, Shen Liangchuan walked the middle way, let Joe love from the side to play past, upgrade the training equipment.
He was playing strangely and staring at her.
Suddenly on the general map, there were two enemy men in front of her.
He reminded her: "Evacuate! "
At the beginning of the game, one-on-two matches are sure to be lost.
But she said: "Let them see the old lady's good!"
And then...... She's dead.
After the resurrection, she continued to do a hard work, with the two men on the bar.
This side of the middle road was attacked, he was in a lack of skill at a moment.
So she died and went, went and died. Has been dead four times later, she ordered the opening: "Yuchuan, you go to help me revenge!" Be sure to kill them four times! "
Shen Kukawa mouthed, "You are stupid, know that but hard to fight, why should I avenge you?"
"Because you're my boyfriend! I'm being bullied, of course you're out for me! Come on. "
In a word, let him really kill the other side four times, calming her anger.
Later, he told her, "When things happen, the brain is broken, the first time you are killed, you should wait for me to help you avenge."
"Is yes, the little woman remembers, later also please more care!"
At that time, the reason for the straight, and the current situation, in sharp contrast.
Shen Liangchuan suddenly felt a lot of pain.
He reversed his car and stopped silently on the side of the road.
The heart is sad like empty a big piece, how also fill in dissatisfaction.
He picked up a cigarette, lit it, and took a hard sip.
A large amount of nicotine hit the lungs, causing him to cough and not vomit for a long time.
After smoking several cigarettes in a row, he thought of her proud character, picked up her cell phone and made a phone call.
Joe is in love in the room, worrying about how to eat.
Downstairs will certainly be the babysitter to see their face, and then put a mask, I'm afraid not very good?
She hung her head in frustration, and the phone rang.
Opened, found that weChat group of Chuan streamed endlessly in the . . .
Chuan-Yu: Joe love, the reporter who burst on Weibo is you?
Joe fell in love and hurriedly opened the microblog, only to find the video above.
She suddenly clenched her hand, this Beauty!
Being beaten is not a glorious thing, what is known all over the world?
But Sichuan is her friend for so many years, she does not want to deceive her.
So, she thought about it and replied, "Yes."
The people in the crowd immediately expressed their concern for her.
Joe's love is chatting, the door suddenly rang.
Then she heard the voice of the housekeeper outside, "Ma'am, the food is ready, there's something on the lady's side, can I bring the people here to help? Do you have a problem with you alone? "
In a word, let Joe's love of the eyes brush on the sudden light, "no problem!"
Then suddenly heard a loud noise outside: "Lee butler, A green leg hit, I took Mr.'s high-class ointment to her to use, on the living room coffee table, you do not throw."
After a while, everyone in the villa left.
Joe love to push open the door, greatly square downstairs, feel that today is really god help me too!
The food on the table in the restaurant was so abundant that she was very happy.
After eating, just about to go upstairs, suddenly saw the coffee table put a box of ointment.
This ointment, in the hospital, the doctor suggested to open her, but because it is too expensive, she refused, now ... Don't use it, do you?
Shen Liangchuan downstairs, stay until the sky is black, see the upstairs lights went out, he waited for a while, this only got off, quietly pushed open the villa door, slowly upstairs.
He was not at ease without looking at her face.
The main bedroom door is not back lock, he pushed open and walked in, he found Joe on the side lying in bed, has been asleep.
Slowly walk edgto the bedside, in the yellow headlamp, he can see her sleeping soundly, hair on the cheek swollen not like the appearance, and the right face there is a clear wound, so long scratch, even if it is healed, will also leave scars?
Thinking of it here, he had a cold look.
In the silent night, he stared at her face for a long time, reached out his hand, wanted to touch her wound, but his hand paused in mid-air half a loud, after all did not dare to touch it.
He didn't leave until late at night.
Downstairs, go out, sit back in his car, he picks up his cell phone and makes a phone call.
Songcheng quickly answered, sleepy: "Hey, Shen brother, the midnight let people sleep ah?"
Shen Liangchuan ding ying forward, "You said yesterday, there is a group of the press conference invited me to the show, I remember that the group's male number three is Wang Wenhao?"
Joe's love to stand up, "Mom, I have something to do, go first!"
But by the time he ran outside, his car was gone.
Joe called him to explain, but the opposite side was never answered.
He's angry, isn't he?
So I didn't listen to her explanation at all.
Joe's love biting his lips, and his eyes gradually contained a layer of tears.
She stood at the door of the villa, taking a few deep breaths, before walking to the newspaper.
Shen Liangchuan drove his car and ran through the streets.
The anger and anger in his body, mixed with the sadness he did not want to admit, completely enveloped him.
He ticked his lips and thought he was really funny.
Songcheng called him, said the network sent a report, asked if it is Joe's love hair.
His promise that the opening would not be her, and that should be a misunderstanding.
But turn his head and hear the words of the heart.
So, she didn't even love him, did she?
"Zichuan, will our love see the light die?"
"If I had an ugly look, would you like me?"
"Yukawa, don't tell me your name, I want you to face me and tell me your real name."
And don't wait for him to open his mouth, and continue, "What if I'm so excited? Ah, I'm going to buy a nice dress. Oh, yes, you like green, don't you? "
"I don't know! "
The car stopped suddenly on the side of the road, and Shen Coolchuan gazed quietly ahead.
Then she came to Beijing and let him witness their love with his own eyes, and how heartless and ironic they were.
His fist fell the steering wheel, but he could not vent his inner pain at all.
Joe came to the newspaper, in a hurry rushed to Su Meimei, threw the bag to her table: "Su Meimei, what do you mean?"
The report was signed by Su Mei, who was the pen name of Su Meimei. Su Meimei heard this, calm and idle opening, "How, i think I take credit?"
Who told you not to send out the report the first time? Oh, I saw your position in the hotel on Liu Zhixing's mobile phone, and I knew that Shen Yingdi must be at huamao hotel. "
"You know a fart! That's Wang Wenhao's murder! "
If it wasn't for the newspaper, Joe would almost have to do it.
The little video she made last night just went live, and there was a cold water pouring on it.
She had just looked at the public opinion that had been biased towards Shen Liangchuan, and now she was falling to the other side again.
" Oh, the news was robbed by me, you are incompetent! If you have the power, you'll push me over! " Joe said, "You think I don't have the evidence to say that?"
Su Meimei eyes a contraction, obviously a little panic, "you don't talk big!"
Joe love cold look at her, turned to their own computer in front of, directly wrote a Wang Wenhao and Shen Liangchuan have old grievances of the news sent out!
The report featured a video of Wang Wenhao going to Shen Liangchuan to find him in a standoff.
As a journalist, she subconsciously recorded what happened at the time.
This report came out, caused a sensation!
Everyone first do not believe, but Wang Wenhao bite him, so that public opinion in favor of Wang Wenhao.
After that, the network of Sichuan stream endlessly sent a video, so that the neutral son began to slowly believe Shen Shadow, but who knows, the next day, there is a newspaper reporter clear lying that the Hotel in Huamao saw Shen Liangchuan, public opinion continues to reverse.
But in everyone thought, Shen Liangchuan really drug use, even the same newspaper, and sent Wang Wenhao and Shen Liangchuan do not agree with the video and report!
This one report, like a drop of water in hot oil, instant bombing!
Shen Liangchuan's fans on the network to beg Wang Wenhao, those black powder or Wang Wenhao hired water army, are Shen Liangchuan fans attack can not speak, for a time, the situation is great!
After Joe's love story, he looked coldly at Themei's fall to the table.
The previous report, like a warm-up for Joe's love, Sumy's overtime last night, at this moment became a joke.
She felt like a clown, she must have done it on purpose!
Su Meimei viciously stared at Joe love, eyes suddenly flashed vicious light.
She said nothing, just a sneer and turned into the editor-in-chief's office.
"Jo sister, I think Su Meimei is not quite right ah! You have to be careful! "
Xiao Ye kindly reminded. Joe nodded, but did not know what Su Meimei would do for her, only soldiers to block the water to cover!
She took a deep breath, secretly looked at the people in the newspaper, and said hello to Xiao Ye, "If the editor asks me, you say I'm going to dig up the news."
Then straight up, she slipped out, she stood in the street, looking back at the office where the newspaper was located.
The working environment here made her feel more and more depressed.
Joe smiled at himself.
If she could, she didn't want to work here at all, and the place made her feel sicker.
She took a deep breath and went to the side of the road and stopped a taxi.
Got in the car, she sat in the back seat for a while, and then said: "Master, go to the first hospital."
At this point, there was not much traffic jam on the road, and after half an hour, she arrived at the hospital door.
Go next to buy a bit of chestnuts, she walked in with the familiar road, found the VIP ward, went in to see, but found no one in the hospital bed.
She put the chestnut down and found the carer and asked, "Where's Joe?"
"Oh, do training in the rehab room!" Patient family, you can good advice to the patient, he has just finished surgery, not suitable for doing so much intensity of rehabilitation training. But he didn't listen to what we said. "
Joe nodded and found the rehab room.
In the rehabilitation room, there are several people with Alzheimer's disease, with the help of the carer, trying to do training.
She glanced at the crowd and saw the young Joe.
With her god-like appearance, shaved the plate inch, because of bad and good, so not very athletic people, skin is white and tender, look at people are jealous.
But at this moment, he is trying to be on crutches, step by step hard to walk, his forehead and hair are wet with sweat, but stubborn young, but bite the lips, focused and serious, do not make any sound.
Joe's love stood at the door, looking at his look, his heart slightly ache.
This is her brother.
In that fire eight years ago, my legs were broken by a fallen pillar and never stood up again.
Parents died, the only brother became this way, the family was burned not like, the company closed down, she was penniless.
Even the parents' compensation was rejected by the bank because they were convicted of killing their parents by suicide.
How on earth did she, with her brother, get through it?
She dropped out of school because she was underage and worked three jobs a day, barely able to support them, and her brother's leg missed the best cure.
Life at that time, really very hard.
When she came home every night, she would cry so tired.
Then she met Shen Liangchuan.
In the most difficult time of her life, every word of his life seemed to light up a lamp for her uncertain future.
So don't ask her why she's so good to Shen, who is grateful to him, except for the fans' maintenance of her idol.
While Joe was thinking, Joe Yi seemed to see it, and when she saw her, her eyes glowed, and then she showed a big smile.
Joe love to go forward, hold him, it suddenly found that the younger brother seems to grow tall again.
How long has it been since she didn't come?
In a trance, she took Joe to rest in the wheelchair next to her.
Joe Yi smiled at her, "Sister, how did you come here?"
Joe love to hear this, heart is a sad. The stress of life forced her to run out of life, so she rarely took care of her brother herself.
It seems that this month, she only came to accompany her brother on the day of the operation, this is her second time.
She reached out her hand to rub his head, but Joe Yi immediately crooked his head, "sister, don't touch, are sweat."
The strange look of the teenager, so that she can not help laughing: "Well, I bought you your favorite chestnuts, go, let's eat it."
Joe Yi looked behind the training rack, want to say what, can be on Joe love, in the end or did not say anything, strange to follow her back to the ward.
Joe love to pick up a chestnut, intended to give him peeling off, can press half a day is useless, had to use the old way, intend to use teeth bite.
At this time, Joe Yi suddenly extended his hand, he two fingers a force, chestnut skin immediately cracked, and then peeled out chestnut meat, handed to Joe's love mouth, "sister, eat."
Joe fell in love, a bite to eat, and then picked up one, thought this time Joe Yi will eat their own, but did not expect, he handed to his mouth.
Joe lovea, "Little Yi, you eat ah!"
"Sister, I remember, you love chestnuts, too. "
Joe was in a trance and smiled and said, "Yeah, I forgot."
She and Joe Yi taste very much, from childhood most love to eat chestnuts.
But the cash is tight, sometimes can only buy so a few, she is not willing to eat, all left to Joe Yi. I didn't expect him to remember his preferences.
Joe smiled, then heard Joe Yi open: "Sister, I am a man, I grew up, I will take care of you later."
Joe fell in love and looked up at him.
Joe yi smile is very gentle, stretchout a long hand, patted her shoulder, "sister, work is not happy, don't do." You've been working hard for eight years, and the rest of the thing, let me do it. "
She burst into tears.
She has worked very hard in front of her brother, showing very happy.
But did not expect, even if they usually how not to see, he is still the first moment, to capture her mood.
She smiled and shed tears, side-to-side, wiped the tears off, then turned back, "I am not unhappy." "You cried. "
"It's because our family grew up, so I moved to well, your task now is to raise your body well, don't be quick to benefit, I just talked to your attending doctor, he said that if you forced to increase rehabilitation training, then your legs may be wasted! Be sure to strictly carry out the training your doctor gave you later, you know? "
Joe easily frowned, "Sister, I see the money, where the hell are you from?"
Joe fell in love with silence, opened: "You know I am an electric female anchor, now the female anchor's income can be high! Xiao Yi, you hurry to get your legs up, and then continue to read to class! "
Joe Yi looked deeply at her eyes, and then smiled: "That reporter's job, you quit, I know, you don't like this line."
Do you know? The newspaper arranged for me a new character, is staring at Shen Liangchuan! Ha, my idol, I'm getting up close and personal with him every day! "
Qiao Yi: "Sister, can you not be so crazy?" You look like this, do not know also think that you negative distance contact it! "
Joe's love face red, "Rely! Why is your boy talking so badly? "
Joe Yi continued to laugh, smiled for a while, this again seriously looked at her, "sister, reporter this line, really don't do."
Mom and Dad's death... I'll check it later, okay? "Joe love eyes is a hot, outstretched his hand regardless of his opposition, rubbing on his head, "my little yi ah, parents' greatest wish, is that we can study well, you have been delayed so long, legs good, go to school!"
I've been at the newspaper for eight months, and then four months, I'll be able to get a press card for a year. "
Knowing that she does not listen to their own advice, Joe yi to transfer the topic: "Sister, to discuss something with you?"
"What?"
"Can you help me change a male carer?"
"Why?"
"Because I've grown up!"
Easy, why are you so cute! "
Out of the hospital, Joe love like blood back, the whole person again full of motivation.
What is the editor-in-chief's difficulty?
As long as through these four months, get a press card, sister is not rare to give you a job!
At six o'clock in the evening, Joe fell off the bus, was going to villa 8, but received a call from Xia Yehua: "Little Joe, todinner tonight on the 18th, we all have a reunion dinner."
When Joe arrived at Villa 18, he found the yard parked in the car that Shen Liangchuan had driven away today.
So, Shen Kukawa is back?
Is it because you saw the report, know that the news was not their own, good to come back to apologize?
With that in thought, she raised her head and went into the living room.
The three of them sat on the sofa in the living room, and before she entered the door, they said, laughing.
But after she entered, Shen's face, suddenly cold down.
The atmosphere in the living room seemed to be frozen in an instant.
Shen Liangchuan said nothing, look cool.
Song Yuanxi looked uneasily at Shen Liangchuan, and turned to look at the door, want to say what, but dare not speak.
Xia Yehua smiled and broke the awkward, "Little Joe, back? Come sit down! "
This words fall, Shen Liangchuan yu stood up, two words do not say, went upstairs.
Joe's face suddenly became awkward and stood at a loss.
"Bang! "
The door came, and the three men downstairs looked at me, and I looked at you.
Xia Yehua on the anger, "Little Joe, don't be angry, he dares to shake his face, I will go upstairs to scold him!" Couple sin two quarrel, where there are men and other women to coax, this guy in the end do not understand how to do husband and wife?
When she finished, she would go upstairs with her sleeves up.
Joe's love hastened to hold her.
Feeling Xia Yehua's kindness to her, her heart became more and more uncomfortable.
She and Shen Liangchuan are contract couples, their status is not equivalent.
She smiled, "Mom, I'll go and see."
When she finished, she lowered her head up the stairs.
Joe love in the second floor to probe the head, in the second bedroom did not find him, slowly moved to the study.
Knocking on the door, she quietly pushed open a gap.
This villa, it seems that Xia Yehua has just begun to live, so the room is very simple.
There were no papers in the study, and after an empty table, he sat there like water, tall, like an emperor, full of momentum.
He looked cool, his eyes seem to be with a complex mood, but his eyes are too deep, so that she can not capture his mood.
"I know. "
Low three words, good to hear but with silk not happy.
He's not happy?
Why?
Joe fell in love, and it dawned on him.
Even if his heart is rock-solid unshakable, usually how to clear high people, in the face of the network of the slurs of the water army, is certainly not happy?
She didn't want him to be unhappy, so she organized a language in her heart, which said: "Mr. Shen, in fact, you don't care too much about those comments on the Internet, support your fans how will support you." As for those black powder, are someone else's trumpet, deliberately black you!
She rambled, but his look was getting colder and colder.
Joe love finally realized that he seems to say the wrong thing?
But before I could figure it out, I saw him sneer.
Shen Liangchuan is really angry, her mouth on the internet's contempt, let him think of their online love. She never looked after that feeling, did she?
But since it does not look, and why a little seductive depth!
He stood up, bypassed his desk, and walked towards her.
Shen Liangchuan carrying light, step by step came to her front, ambiguous breath, a moment enveloped her.
She couldn't help but back down, and he went forward again.
It was not until she was cold behind her that she realized that her back had been attached to the wall.
He held out his arm and reached the wall, in this position... Is Shen Liangchuan going to play with her?
The next second, he is heard asking, "So, you can tease people at will?"
Determined to just the dialogue, word for word all recorded, Joe love this to throw the phone into the bag, hand in the inside turned over, pulled out a mirror.
She sided her head, and saw five palm prints on her cheeks very conspicuously, swollen high at the speed visible to the naked eye, reached for touch, and suddenly could not help but "hiss" a cry. It hurts.
Joe's loving eyes, for a time became dark and unclear.
She grew up and ate everything, just not to lose.
Shen Liangchuan bullied her, she could not resist, she endured.
But Yang Lings is a thing!
Gentleman revenge, ten years is not too late. She is not a gentleman, so revenge, just tomorrow.
Yang Lingsi, you wait!
With a bruise on his face, Joe didn't go to the newspaper and took a taxi straight back to Shen's villa.
She bowed her head, with her hands in the face, entered the door, casually greeted the housekeeper, went upstairs into the main bedroom.
She wrapped the ice with a towel, put it on her face, and collapsed on the couch.
Staring at the unfamiliar ceiling, her mind flashed the words of the agent: "... When Mr. Shen suddenly told me to prepare the agreement to find you, I thought, you know it! "
She racked her mind to make sure she had never met him.
But he didn't like her from the first time he met, so why did he choose her to have a baby?
Don't...... Is it because she's naturally beautiful and the genes are too good?
Joe love self-entertainment, optimistic people really can't figure out, simply don't want to.
Anyway, when she has a baby, she will divorce Shen Liangchuan, when there is no connection, but better.
The knock at the door rang out.
Joe was startled and hurriedly sat up, "Who?"
"Ma'am, it's me." The housekeeper opened, "Mr. commanded me to bring you milk. "
Milk?
Joe love do not want to be found face injury, so coughed, "Ah, no, I am not hungry today!"But partial, this is the end of this, the stomach on the "grunt" called two.
In the morning drink a glass of milk, noon in the play group outside, lunch did not have time to eat, she is not hungry ... That's weird!
Joe fell in love with a mouthful of mouth, thought, will be injured side of the face to the inside, this only opened: "Come in!"
The housekeeper pushed the door in, did not squint, walked up to Joe's love, and handed her the milk.
Joe love to take over, take a sip, eyebrows suddenly squeaded up, in the morning to walk anxiously, did not pay attention, but now found that this milk taste how a little strange?
However, think is Shen Liangchuan let the housekeeper in, forget, drink it!
Under the watchful eye of the housekeeper, she pinched her nose and drank the milk with a sip, saying, "Thank you."
The housekeeper took the cup, turned away, and when she closed the door, she glanced inside and found her wife lying on the sofa again.
Her eyes flashed a touch of contemplation.
Mrs. Face, is that a palm print?
She went downstairs, thought, or pickuped the landline, dialed a phone, the phone connected, opposite the voice of Shen Liangchuan: "Drink?"Drink. "
The housekeeper answered, and then, when Shen Liangchuan was about to hang up, suddenly opened his mouth, "Sir, are you going home tonight?"
Shen Liangchuan hung up the phone, the light of a sinking.
Some bad?
He stood up and walked out, and the agent asked, "Where to go?"
"Go home."
Let's see how bad she is!
Joe's love stared, and looked at him inexplicably.
This aggrieved appearance, let Shen Liangchuan extra or irritable!
He squinted his eyes and looked at her deeply.
Eight years ago the shame and hatred even led him to the idea that he wanted to strangle her.
In this way, it can be a hundred.
But...... Looking at her slender neck, he couldn't get his hands on it.
Even thinking of the last time the nanny abused her, he realized that he could not see her hurt at all.
How much he loved him, only he knew.
But this love, in her mouth, but nothing, but the network of vanity.
He is so proud of the people, but his love to others trampled.
This idea out, the body's irritability began to slowly intensify, so that he hate to possess her!
He bowed his head and held her chin with his hand, but stopped when he noticed the nervous quiver of the girl's eyelashes.
He suddenly felt very sad, smiled, he took a step back, picked up a paper towel to wipe his hand, as if afraid of getting contaminated with any dirty things, and then he turned and went downstairs.
All this, it is like giving her a slap.
She bit her lip, hurriedly packed up her mood, and ran downstairs.
After saying that, he ran out, but Shen Liangchuan's car, has driven away.
Finished, run straight into the darkness.
She went out in a dejected way, went back to Villa 8, and found that Shen Liangchuan did not come back.
Frustrated upstairs, she lay in bed, hammering her head.
She has always been very clever and clever, but why, always do not know why Shen Liangchuan is not happy?
Confused, she slept over.
Next, for a few days, Shen Didn't go home.
Joe tried to follow him, only to find that there was no trace of him at all.
Early that morning, she was woken up by the editor-in-chief's phone.
Fans stared up to raise their phones, and heard the editor-in-chief's solemn command: "Joe love, you will come to the newspaper right away!"
She quickly washed and dressed, rushed to the newspaper, only to find that the whole newspaper was in a tight line, that look ... What big man seems to be here?
She was dazed, and heard Amy Su's cry: "Mr. Wang, that's her!" At the beginning is also she sent you and Li Siqi anecdote, but also she sent you and Shen Shadow I's entanglement! "
This words fall, Joe's love to twist his head, and indeed saw a violent Wang Wenhao with two bodyguards rushed to her.
She doesn't say anything, turns her head and runs!
But before running two steps, her arm was held by the bodyguards, and then she was forced to take wang Wenhao to him.
Joe struggled, but her strength, where is the opponent of this group of bodyguards? Soon her arm was clamped behind her, and she was pressed so hard that she couldn't move.
She looked nervously up to Wang Wenhao, did not speak, but saw the other side suddenly raised his arm.
"Pop! "
A slap fell on her face!
Joe loved this life and only had two slaps.
A slap was last played by Yang Lingsi.
The second slap is Wang Wenhao.
After all, the strength of the man is very big, Wang Wenhao is angry under the heart of the fight, so Joe love was beaten mind dizzy, eyes golden light, mouth sweet piece, feel teeth are some loose.
Her arms were tightly confined by two men, unable to move, her face slightly sideways, hot pain, with sharp pain, so that she knew that her face must have been broken.
She moved and the swelling was so bad.
Joe's love squinted his eyes and turned back.
She gritted her teeth and looked at Wang Wenhao, and saw Wang Wenhao take a step forward, pinching her chin.
Shen Liangchuan often choked her chin, each time let her feel very painful, but when Wang Wenhao choked her, she knew that Shen Liangchuan in the end or the staff of the mercy.
Because at the moment, she feels like her jaw is about to break.
The pain made her eyes red, but she was stubborn lying not to let the tears fall.
Wang Wenhao's cheeks are close, "Little Joe?" Oh, this name is in line with you! This face is indeed delicate. "
He held out his other hand, patted her on the swollen cheek, and stimulated her pain, "Well, there's a palm print on one side, there's no on the other side, it's really incongruous, without me helping you to symmetrically?"
Joe love to bite teeth, mouth corner left blood, she stares at Wang Wenhao, suddenly "Yi! "There's a cry!
She always eats soft and doesn't eat hard!
This Wang Wenhao wants to use force to make her beg for mercy, dream!
Wang Wenhao's face was covered with blood, he twisted his head and did not hide, and then turned back, the face is more ugly. He loosened Joe's love chin, took a step back, picked up the paper to wipe, "Yeah, or sexual!
I just love... Play with someone like you! "
A word fell, he with lightning not to cover the trend, "pop" suddenly, and hit Joe's love in the left face!
Joe's love head crooked, full of blue silk, because of this drastic movement scattered down, covered in her face.
Then the chin was pinched, Wang Wenhao came together, "I look at symmetry?" Well, it seems that the left force is lighter, or am I going to make up a slap? "
Having said that, I saw Joe suddenly smiled.
Wang Wenhao squinted his eyes.
Joe love to say: "Mr. Wang, if I were you, hit someone I will hurry away."
Wang Wenhao. Joe's loving eyes, looked into his own pocket.
Wang Wenhao reached out and took out her cell phone.
But she found out she had dialed 110!
As a reporter, she is always in danger, so the shortcut in the phone is 110, in the first time into the newspaper, saw Wang Wenhao the moment, she dialed the phone.
Wang Wenhao's face is really hard to see, outstretched her finger to point her, see that she is now full of, described miserable, the heart of the evil out of a mouthful, now wave: " We go! "
The bodyguard let go of Joe love, she almost all have to stand unsteady, she two hands propped up next to the table, the light up, to see the news of Su Meimei, editor-in-chief, and even editor-in-chief Liu Zhixing.
How did Wang Wenhao find the newspaper, editor-in-chief Ming Ming should call to inform her not to come to the newspaper is the most correct choice, but these three people ... But it counted her!
That's good!
This feud does not return, she does not last name Joe!
Chapter 1 
Pain.
Head explosion pain, the body as if crushed by the car, hot pain spread throughout the body, very uncomfortable.
Belle red makeup struggled to open her eyes, to see the strange things in front of her, she suddenly completely sobered up.
"Where is this place?" "
As deep as the pool of tweezers flashed a wise light, she clearly remembers that she found a mysterious ring in the nest of the beast, blood accidentally dropped on the ring.
Then suddenly the wind, the world changed color, wake up again to this strange place.
Belle red make-up eyebrows locked, hands touched the head, countless familiar and strange memory fragments emerged in her mind, almost to burst her brain.
After a moment, the feeling of headache and cracking gradually disappeared, the confusion in the eyes of the hundred red makeup also disappeared, but the heart was shocked to add.
"Should I have crossed?" "
Belle red make-up revealed incredible color, "and also crossed a thousand years later on the sanxuan continent?" "
She was the youngest family owner of the San Xuan mainland, with great talent and a reputation.
Didn't expect because of a ring and soul to wear a thousand years later San Xuancontinental Fengbo General's Office of the waste lady!
Coincidentally, this lady is also called baili red makeup!
Unfortunately, as the general's office of miss is not the general's pet, the birth mother died young, good in the prince to have a marriage contract, which only to maintain the status.
I didn't think three months ago that I suddenly became blind and lost my qualifications to be a mother.
Yesterday, the emperor announced the cancellation of the marriage contract, baili red makeup for a moment want not to open will swallow gold self-inflicted.
Speaking of which, this swallowing gold self-desperated also has her "good sister" Baili Yuyan's credit.
Yesterday has been playing the pretence of comfort, said the words to stimulate the hundred-mile red makeup.
Only afraid, the original became blind things with the hundred miles of Yuyan can not get rid of the relationship!
Fortunately, her strength was restored after the crossing.
"What a broken ring!" "
Belle red makeup scolded.
From the amazing family owner to a waste lady, this gap is not generally large!
Baili red makeup sigh when a bow, eyes suddenly solidified, a black retro ring just end wearing on her hands!
"It's ... How can it be? "
Belle red makeup inastited to touch the ring on the hand, is the ring and she crossed?
At this time, the door sounded a string of fine footsteps, followed by a man and a woman snuggled up to each other's figure appeared in the sight of the hundred red makeup.
These two people are not others, it is BaiLi Yuyan and Prince Xuanxuan!
Unlike the waste material of baili red make-up, Baili Yuyan's talent for practicing is outstanding, and at a young age he has a reputation in Fengbo country.
It is for this reason that the General's Office has long intended to let Baili Yuyan take her place!
The two saw sitting on the bed alive with hundreds of red makeup, their faces are a touch of surprise.
They clearly listen to the ring said baili red makeup without breath this is slow and leisurely over, how did not die?
"Good sister, why don't you think so?"
It's all about swallowing gold! "
Baili Yuyan went to the side of the hundred-mile red makeup, so the look of care, but the eyes are full of disgusted light.
Yesterday she said so much is thinking of the hundred red makeup can self-desiment, today heard about this matter is more happy, did not expect this waste did not die!
Waste is waste!
Even self-inflicted this kind of thing is not good, after she came to help!
Chapter 2 
Xuan Xuan a will be a hundred miles of jade Yan pulled back, the eyes flashing obscene smile, hands are more in the body of baili yu Yan free.
"Yu Yan, this waste is dead is also a relief, you still care so much about what she does?" "
If it hadn't been for Yu Yan shouting at him to come and see him, he wouldn't have wanted to see the waste blind at all.
He tang prince actually has such a fiancee, secretly do not know how many people laugh!
It is not easy to cancel the engagement, he was finally able to no longer see this waste, did not expect this woman to swallow gold self-inflicted!
For this kind of crying two hanging play code, he is the most disgusted, this woman is trying to use this way to save his heart!
Baili Yuyan's face opened a happy smile, let XuanXuan in her body to do nothing wrong, but the mouth is still saying the words of sentimentality.
"Your Prince, red makeup is my sister, how can I let her do something stupid?" "
"Yu Yan, you are so kind, I really love you." "
Xuan Xuan smile brilliant, in front of the blind hundred miles of red makeup face so cast for is a kind of can not say the pleasure!
Baili Yu Yan heart-to-heart joy, while with the action of Xuanxuan, while continuing to play the role of a good sister identity.
"Prince, it's sad that you say red makeup!" "
"Why have so many scruples!" "
XuanXuan disdained to look at the hundred-mile red makeup, "If not baili red makeup is the general's Miss Gong, I will not make a marriage contract with her, I like is jade yan you ah!" "
Baili red makeup lookated at the immediate stage of the play code, the heart cold smile constantly, this hundred miles of jade yan is really a white lotus ah!
In front of a suicide attempt, should be able to shamelessly do such a thing, these two people's character really let people cry!
Fortunately, the original hundred red makeup is dead, otherwise i saw the scene in front of him, only afraid will not stand suicide again!
Baili red makeup look at the eyes of the front of the Xuanxuan, when the original baili red makeup so admire him.
In her opinion, this guy is simply a good color grass bag, let people from the bottom of my heart sick!
Had it not been for the fact that the body had not recovered, she would have let the adulterer know why the flowers were so red!
Xuan Xuan bad bad smile, hit the cross-arms to pick up the hundred miles of jade face, while hugging and kissing while walking towards the hundred miles of red makeup.
Obviously, he wants to get the lily makeup up close to all this!
The hundred red make-up flashed the mocking light, hand in hand from picked up a round bead, without trace to the foot of Xuanxuan.
Bang!
Xuan Xuan a foot on the bead, the whole person forward, the hands of the hundred of jade Yan was he lost heavily out!
"Ah! "
Baili Yu yan a cry, her face directly hit the bed, nose blood continued to flow, delicate face is also a blue.
XuanXuan fell a dog to eat, the whole person four up eight forks fell to the ground, which there is the previous pride?
"Sister, what's wrong with you?" "
Baili red makeup heart cold smile, but so look panicked, a blank look ahead.
Xuan Xuan hurriedly stood up, look very embarrassed, reached out to help the front of the hundred miles of Jade Yan.
However, Xuan Xuan just took a step forward, the foot is a slip, directly hit the front!
Chapter 3 
"Bang! "
A dull bump sounded, and Xuan xuan hit the bed with the same heavy!
"Click! "
The bottom of the red make-up eye appeared sarcastic light, since you killed the former bailion makeup, then first receive you two kneeling ceremony as interest!
"Your Prince, how are you?" "
Baili Yuyan pig-like face appeared the color of worry, she hurriedly climbed up, looked to the side of the Xuanxuan.
Two people face each other, two lines of nose blood flow down, that look how funny and funny.
"Damn! "
Xuan Xuan cursed, looked at the bailiese red makeup, and choked her neck directly with one hand.
"The lily red makeup, you did not do it!" "
Baili red makeup hands to grasp Xuanxuan pinched his hand, look dazed and innocent, "Prince, I ... I didn't do anything! "
XuanXuan anger, can think of a blind man of baili red makeup can do nothing, can only angrily will be a hundred red makeup lost, growling: "obscure!" "
Peri red makeup covered the neck constantly coughing, intermittently: "You, you also feel obscure?" "
"I heard earlier that the yard was haunted, and it seemed to be true. "
BaiLi Yu Yanyan, asked: "What do you mean by this?" "
"There's been so many weird things going on in this yard when I was a boy, and it's just a common thing to do this kind of inexplicable wrestling. "
"In my opinion, i'm down to the point where I am now, and that's probably why this haunted house is. "
Said, the bright red make-up, beautiful face appeared a thick color of prayer.
"Sister, can you help me talk to my father and let me change my place of residence?" "
Listen to, the look of hundred miles of jade yan slightly changed, the general's palace everywhere is good, on the baili-yuan red makeup residence in the courtyard is dilapidated, this is a very strange existence.
Every time she comes in she feels very uncomfortable, maybe it is really a ghost yard!
It seems that the future or less to come for the best!
However, she wants is the hundred red makeup must not be turned over, how can help her change the yard?
"Sister, I will try to mention with Daddy, Dad's sex you also know, can be successful on the two." "
Baili jade face exposed to difficult color, soft voice and full of helplessness.
Listen to the false perfunctory of bailiyu yan, baili red makeup heart cold smile.
She was clever enough to push everything into the general, instead allowing herself to fall in front of xuan a gentle and kind image.
"Yu Yan, you still care what this guy does. "
Xuan Xuan a bad face, "Let's go!" "
At this moment, Xuanxuan is really a second also do not want to stay here more!
His cousin has never been so humiliated, the most important thing is that the severe pain of broken nose beams simply can't bear ah!
Until the two left, the eyes of the hundred red makeup on the cold light, since she occupied this body, then she is the General's Palace of the bailion red makeup!
Bai Li Yuyan and XuanXuan gave her pain, she will return to them a thousand times!
It's hard today, it's just a little interest she's charged.
You know, she's always a bully with red makeup!
Chapter 4 
Belle red makeup checked the body condition, as early as five years old she has been determined to practice waste material, Dantian destroyed.
It was only that, after her visit, she found that her broken Dantian did not know when it had been repaired.
Although I don't know what the reason is, it's a great thing for her.
Only by promoting the repair as soon as possible can she change the passive situation.
I believe that after today's events, Bai Li Yuyan and XuanXuan will not come to her trouble for a short time.
However, just when the hundred red makeup is ready to practice, a sudden childish sound into her ears, "this is really disgusting!" "
"I see that hundred miles of jade face not face!" "
Another slightly sharp voice followed.
Inexplicably came the sound of the hundred red makeup staring big eyes, the whole room except her no one else, this talking two guys from where came out?
"Who are you?" "
The brim rose between the red make-up eyebrows, and the eyes carefully looked around.
However, the inquiry of the hundred red makeup as if the sea of stone is like no one to answer, because these two guys have been quarrelsome, can not stop her words.
"I said that Xuanxuan is more disgusting! "
"I said baili yu Yan is more annoying! "
"Hyun-so hates!" "
"Hundred suis i hate!" "
Belle red makeup raised his voice, interrupted the two guys quarrel, "Don't make any noise!"
Those two guys hate it! "
"Huh! "
"Huh! "
The two guys snorted in displeasure before they stopped arguing.
"Who are you?"
Get out of here! "
Belle red makeup cold channel.
Half-witted, that fine and tender voice is full of the taste of petite, dissatisfied with the way: "Master, you are fierce Oh!" "
"That is, you don't let people out, how do people come out?" "
Another voice also rang.
Belle red makeup face show the color of doubt, "Master?"
Let you out? "
"Yeah! "
"Yeah! "
"Where are you?" "
Baili red makeup asked.
"We are in the lord's hands of the lord of the war of chaos!" "
The next moment, the sight of the belle red makeup immediately glued to the retro ring on the hand.
She is because this ring will cross, the original ring is called the Ring of Chaos!
"Master, you can enter the inner space as long as you connect the commandment of chaos with spiritual force." "
Listen to, the hundred red makeup heart move, divided a wisp of spiritual force close to the warning of chaos.
Immediately after, she felt only a shock, and entered a brand-new space.
In sight, a huge palace of black and white interwoven colors stands out, a sacred and powerful breath pervading.
Thick, vicissitudes, solemn, solemn, let people feel awe from the bottom of my heart.
The smooth temple body reflects the shape of a hundred miles of red makeup, standing in front of this magnificent palace, she is so powerless and small.
The dark phoenix was covered in wonder, and the red make-up of the hundred swasputed: "Is this the world in the ring of chaos?"
It's amazing! "
All along, she knew only that the bag was a space of her own, which could be used as a storage, but she never knew that a piece of jewelry could have such a huge space!
"Booming!" "
The thick door slowly opened, like thousands of years has not been opened in general, let people inexplicably shock.
Baili red makeup slowly walked into it, only to see a huge main hall appeared in front of her!
Chapter 5 
The main hall is surrounded by strange and exquisite patterns, full of mystery and mystery, empty, like a small square.
Black and white two extreme colors blend together here there is an unspeakable sense of harmony, in this main hall on both sides, there are two channels, leading to the rear.
At this time, the familiar and childish voice rang again, "Master!"
Master! "
Belle red makeup followed the prestige to go, only to see a black and white two unidentified objects are rolling towards her.
That's right!
Just roll over!
Belle red makeup eyes wide open, carefully look at the eyes of the two little guys, the expression suddenly became wonderful.
Appearing in front of the hundred red makeup is a black and white two hair balls, around the soft hair to wrap it, at first glance only look like two decorative hair balls.
A closer look will reveal that these two hairballs have noses and eyes, and that they are a living creature!
The big two eyes are like grapes, at this moment is blinking eyes looking at her!
"Master! "
The white-haired ball called, and said that he was still in the hundred red makeup of the foot.
Black hair ball is not willing to show weakness, immediately with the other leg of the hundred red makeup, "master!" "
The white hairball glared at the black hairball, "It's my master!" "
"My master! "
Black hairball argued.
See two hairballs and there is a tendency to quarrel, Baili red makeup hurriedly interrupted: "You can tell me, what is the ring of chaos?" "
"I can!" "
White hairball jumped a bit, said: "The ring of chaos is the ancient god, since the existence of the holy society has appeared, it can help the practitioner to become the world's strong!" "
"So do I cross the ring of chaos?" "
Black hair ball jumping road: "The master in the chaos of the ring has been dripping blood to recognize the Lord, but the war of chaos for many years has not been recognized by the Lord, volatility is too large leading to the emergence of space storm, the master will cross." "
In the two hairballs of the competing answer, the belle red makeup this only understand the origin of her crossing.
I didn't expect a ring she had accidentally found!
But anymaster who becomes the ring of chaos will become the world's strongest, she happened to find the ring of chaos and the commandment of chaos, because of coincidence this has become the general's palace of the Miss Gong.
She had also heard of the legacy or artifacts left by the strong, but never thought that one day the artifacts would appear before her.
Led by black and white balls, The belle red makeup went to a stone chamber behind the main hall.
It is said that there is a very powerful practice here.
The stone chamber is very empty, only a high platform in the center of the black and white light blooming.
The two-color light constantly interweaves and changes, the mysterious power from its spread, unconsciously attracted people's hearts.
Baili red makeup slowly went to the high platform, only to see that dazzling light holding the central work, black retro books through the vicissitudes and heavy, exudes the magic of the sinking.
Call the Book of Demons!
Simple and quaint three words but as if seeped into the infinite power, people dare not look straight!
Only a glance, hundred seine red makeup will understand this work is extraordinary!
Hands out, baili red makeup directly to the "Call the Book" took down, with the "Call the Book" was taken down, that constantly shining light also stopped flashing.
Just opened the first page of the Book of Call the Devil, baili red makeup will feel a sting in her head, a huge amount of information directly into her mind, the feeling of headache cracking again.
358. Chapter 358 
Joe's angry!
Next, it's logical.
Although Su Meimei is miserable, but Joe love but not sympathize with her at all.
She hung her tweezers and went back to her office.
Shi Nianyao fart sands back, "you say, now how to do?" "
"What to do?" "
Joe loves the opening, "Su Meimei is expected to pack up and go."
After that, we don't have to see someone she hates so much. "
Shi Nian Yao Lima nodded, "Live it!" "
Things to deal with very quickly, Liu Zhixing is relying on his wife to get to this point today, of course, it is impossible to make his wife unhappy, so when the machine immediately fired Su Meimei, and even to pack up the time did not have, she was driven out.
As for her clamor to sue them, Liu Zhixing very arrogant: "You go to tell ah!"
It's no big deal I'll pay you for your money!
You're willing to sleep with me, you're cheap, what's your relationship with my wife? "
Su Meimei was pushed out of the newspaper, and also outside the newspaper scolding.
Occasionally thought of what, Su Meimei eyes a bright, to Liu Zhixing's wife opened up: "Do you think Liu Zhixing in the newspaper clean?"
I'm telling you!
I'm not his first woman, we have a newspaper called Joe love, also with him, they also slept!
That Joe love is her, you see she looks like this fox charm! "
This words out, Liu Zhixing's wife immediately turned his head, viciously looked at sitting in the office, was also affected by the love of Joe.
Joe's love is really crying and laughing.
This Summei, it's absolutely abhorrent!
She stood up, "Su Meimei, are you sick?" "
Liu Zhixing also hurriedly denied his wife: "Wife, no!"
I didn't!
Just that one!
I really know wrong, wife, you forgive me! "
Liu Zhixing's wife frowned, look at this, look at that, do not know who to trust.
Su Meimei sneered, "You look at her looks, is a man how can not move?"
That's her!
She just has a leg with Liu Zhixing! "
Joe is so innocent that he's in love with his hands.
Shi Nian Yao's stand up, "It's ridiculous, you also know i love the editor-in-chief is beautiful ah?"
If I'm in love with editor-in-chief Ken, what's the matter with you?
She's so pretty, what kind of man does she want? "
A word falls, Sumy Mei's seven tips smoke, "What do you want a man not?"
It also depends on other men can't see her!
She has a brother with a broken leg, and it costs a lot of money to stay in hospital!
Who dares such a woman?
The last editor-in-chief said he was going to lend her two million dollars! "
She was hit with a bruised nose, can not see the original appearance, but also want to drag Joe love together in the water, and pointed to a group of people asked: "Don't believe you ask them, they all know!" "
Liu Zhixing's wife looked at the employees with a sloppy look.
The men immediately bowed their heads and dared not speak.
Although Su Meimei was expelled, but the aunt of others is their editor-in-chief!
Although not today, but come back to know that they said something, no good fruit to eat!
"Su Meimei, don't be here to make a message!" "
Joe couldn't bear it, said he.
"Well, you said you were okay with the editor-in-chief?"
Then you come up with the evidence!
Without proof, you slept with the editor-in-chief! "
"I am the evidence. "
21. Chapter 21 
Shen Shadow Is playing big cards!
Yang Lingsi's face, instantly white.
This sentence, than the "scared urine" incident, more people feel humiliated.
Scared urine, out went out, at most will be said a coward, but also side point out that she did not use a stand-in, filming hard work.
And now, by Shen Yingdi said a bad acting skills, she almost in the industry has no word of mouth!
The future of the stars, a dark.
Before the words were finished, Shen Coolchuan moved.
He originally stood by the car, but at this moment he took a slender pace, the spirit of the people came.
He threw the script "pop" in front of the director, "I'm sorry, I have limited time." "
He looked down and looked down at the watch on his wrist, "I've got something to do with it. "
This words fall, turn directly, big step away!
This move, let everyone sit for a few seconds.
The director was anxious, dare not go after Shen Liangchuan, a drag followed the Songcheng, open edgy: "Song brother, Shen Shadow Emperor this is ... Come back tomorrow? "
Songcheng crying and laughing, understand The character of Shen Liangchuan he, down the voice, "tomorrow there are other announcements, this script ... Shen Ko won't answer!
I'll call the crew later. "
The director would cry, "But we've been promoting it before!" "
Songcheng looked at Yang Lingsi, the line of sight and glanced at the next Joe love, patted the director's shoulder, "do you think, Shen Shadow Emperor came to guest guest, or Shen shadow emperor came guest, but because the heroine was furious, shantou big?" "
Songcheng smiled, "Today there are scouts in the group ah ... Shen brother is still waiting for me, I left first ah! "
The director watched Songcheng leave, thought just the proposal, indeed, as he said, if the just thing exposed, will attract more attention!
But in doing so, I'm afraid Yang Lingsi's reputation is completely broken!
This is his first play, enough gimmicks to attract enough attention, even if it is bad, can!
Think of here, the director suddenly looked up, "I heard that today's crew has a spy reporter?"
Where is it? "
The report must praise the drama group, more will be the negative impact of the cohesion of Yang Lingsi body, so now to do is to coax this reporter.
The director saw Joe love, think of just Yang Lingsi look, what else do not understand?
He slapped him in the face and hit the fieldman on the head, "Didn't you raise your head?"
Actors are hard at journalists, die!
Not happy to ask Joe reporter to come over! "
Joe loves to carry the heavy camera, eyes fixed in Shen Liangchuan walk away on the figure.
He suddenly got into trouble because... Is she?
Heart suddenly poured on a touch moved, lip corner also can't help but hook up, the original, he really is not so bad ah!
Thinking, I saw the field with a flattering smile coming: "Joe reporter, this is too heavy, put down." "
By the director and the field said a bunch of good words, and got a hand of information joe love, from the group out, but also feel that the whole person is floating, but just out of the group, saw not far away, a black car parked there.
Songcheng stood by the car, smiling and inexplicably excited to wave to her.
23. Chapter 23 
The familiar masculinity suddenly approached, Qiao Lian's scared a moment to hold his breath.
She looked at her cheeks less than five centimeters away, and was scared, "Shen, Mr. Shen?" "
He squinted his eyes, and flashed an impenous wolf in his narrow eyes, making Qiao Lian love him at the moment, somewhat strange.
Then he was heard saying, "You really should thank me." "
Qiao Lian's eyes wide, then heard him go on: "Hard to change my mobile phone, you do not want to enter the group, forced me to help teach her?" "
Qiao Lian's love is stuck.
So, did he think that's what she thought?
"Evidence. "
Two words, let Qiao Lian love the next words, raw stuck in the throat.
Take the wrong cell phone, what's the evidence?
!
She could not prove that she was mindless at all.
Qiao Lian clenched his fist, "I didn't ask you to help me." "
Shen Liangchuan cold "twisted" a cry, "in the future if accidentally burst out you are Mrs. Shen, today I do not save you, it becomes black history." "
So, he shot because of this?
Qiao Lian's love is stuck.
The sound of the siren suddenly rang out in the ear, through the rear-view mirror, you can see the back of the car impatiently hit the lights.
Shen Liangchuan only sat back to his original position, start the car.
He looked as usual, looking ahead, but his heart was never calm.
She said thank you, which fell in his ear, but with a strong sarcasm.
A feeling of irritability, again oily.
He opened a gap in the window, and a cold wind poured in, and his anger finally eased.
Yu Guang swept to her, found that she had just finished that sentence, has been silent, bowed her head.
At this moment, the wind blew her hair, she subconsciously hugged her arm, the whole body was trembling with the cold.
The rest of the anger, suddenly disappeared.
Quietly closing the window, he continued to look ahead.
Soon, they returned to Shen's villa.
The car stopped, Shen Liangchuan first got out of the car, did not wait for Qiao Lian love directly into the living room.
Qiao Lian's love finally breathed a sigh of relief, feeling that even breathing smoothly.
She got out of the car and went into the room.
There was no sign of Shen Liangchuan in the living room, and the housekeeper came over, "Miss Qiao Lian, Mr. Upstairs in the bedroom. "
Qiao Lian love to hear this, "oh" a cry, went upstairs, went to the room.
Shen Liangchuan must not want to see her now, then why did she go over to give him a block?
After a while, the housekeeper knocked on the door and said, "Miss Qiao Lian, mr. You've got an arm injury. Let me take care of it for you." "
He remembers the wound on her arm?
But he shook his head and patted himself on the head.
Qiao Lian love, Qiao Lian love, you don't make love!
The wound was healed, and soon after the housekeeper left, he brought her a fine dinner.
Qiao Lian love to eat enough to drink enough, lying in bed, holding Shen's mobile phone repeatedly looked at.
Do you want to go back now and change his cell phone?
Qiao Lian fell out of bed, stomped out of the door, went to the main bedroom door, quietly opened the door, heard the bathroom "whispering" water.
She suddenly felt a burst of excitement, rushed in to find their own mobile phone, the bathroom door suddenly "click" a sound was opened, Shen Liangchuan wearing a bathrobe, out.
24. Chapter 24
Shen Liangchuan carrying light, faint can only see his tall body, he saw her, body shape a meal.
She pointed to the phone in her hand, "I, I, I'll send you the cell phone!" "
He didn't speak.
She put the phone on the bedside table, eyes in the bed sweeping around, want to ask their own mobile phone where, and dare not ask, grinding back, eyes sweeping around, casually said: "Well, thank you for letting the housekeeper help me with the medicine." "
Shen Liangchuan glowed, the sight fell on her arm, "no thanks." "
Before he finished, he suddenly asked, "Is the arm still hurting?" "
Joe love hurriedly replied, "It's all right, you can rest assured!" "
"That's fine, it won't delay the right thing." "
He finished this sentence, step by step toward joe love approaching.
Joe's love is instantly nervous, "What's the right thing to do?" "
"I remember, today is your ovulation period. "
Joe love: "Ah?" "
"So don't waste your time. "
Joe love closed his eyes, clenched his fist, but the bottom of his heart rose out of a sudden lysing sadness.
Sure enough, he asked the housekeeper to do the medicine for her because tonight, to continue this thing?
The next morning, when Joe woke up, he was empty, only on the pillow, with a silver cell phone.
She picked it up and found it was her cell phone, and suddenly got excited.
This mobile phone, is a brand of the latest style, she last dug a big news, the newspaper reward to her, otherwise, her salary must not be able to afford.
Joe loves getting up and washing.
When I went downstairs, I saw the housekeeper standing there with the milk in his back.
She did not say two words, first drank all the strange taste of milk, this only ate two pieces of bread, carrying a bag on the wind and fire to the newspaper.
Yesterday there was a new exclusive news, for Yang Lingsi, this is an absolute double blow!
Joe fell past, and a colleague pointed to an article on the website and said, "What's going on with this article?" "
That's about Shen Yingdi and Yang Lingsi into the group of a report, Joe love looked at once, "What's the matter?" "
Colleagues immediately angry: "You look at the signature of this article, only Su Meimei a person!"
This is the big news you're swapping your life for! "
They have an unwritten rule in the newspaper, if it is a double interview, then the report should be written on the names of two people.
But now, Su Meimei will be completely Joe's love ignored!
Several colleagues felt unfair about her.
The voice soon reached Su Meimei's ear, she stood up directly, sneering and sarcastically: "Why should I give her half of the credit?" "
Joe love did not speak, some people can not help but open: "Su Meimei, if not Joe love, Shen Shadow's car will not stop!"
She's working so hard to catch the news, you're too much! "
Su Meimei raised her eyebrows, "Excessive?"
Photo I took, article I wrote, this copyright is my! "
Following the memory, found the way back to Sanquan Zong. Sanquan Zong is not far from this inn.
The night fell just to Sanquan Zong not far, see the gate rushed out of a dozen strong men.
The leader, combing the delicate hair, wearing a green pigment brocade long skirt, five officials good, eyebrows are full of proud smile.
This person, is the night home of the four ladies - the night Qingling.
Night Qingling deliberately pulled his throat roaring, trying to put these words, let the people outside the house to hear. The dozen or so strong men, in unison, shouted: "Yes!" I will certainly bring back the seven miss from the wronghands safe and sound! "
Standing at the corner of the night, the night's silence heard, narrow eyes slightly up, the corners of the mouth together a very cold arc.
Her four sisters... That's smart.
On the bright side was worried about her sister, hurried to the rescue. In fact, is to take advantage of this opportunity, she "lost innocence" of the news, spread throughout the city of Sanquan.
Look, the people around, have formed a few people, pointing to the Three Springs Zongfu, privately discussing what. The night clear ear moved, can clearly hear the voice within a hundred meters.
"The waste-skilled owner was captured by the gangsters?" Or was it tied up in the inn? "
"I'm sorry. These three springs are also bad enough! Less Lord is a waste, the future of Sanquan Zong can not see half a point of light, did not expect ... Now there's a scandal like this! "
"What scandal?"
"Less Lord so a big beauty, but also a waste, by the gangsters to the inn, what can happen?"
All kinds of talk, into the ears of the night. She took out her ears, did not listen again, straight to the care of their clothes, fingertips lightly closed their long hair hanging on the shoulder, quickly pull up a simple hair.
In a dozen strong men through themselves, straight to tianfu inn, the night clear more voice, calmly sounded; "
The mighty, vast gang of people, when they heard the sound, stopped suddenly.
underthe eyes, quickly filled with disbelief.
This...... Is this really her cowardly and incompetent waste seven sister?
See the woman in front of her, dressed in a long red dress like a blooming rose, like a picture, her snow-white skin, lined with more white.
Simple hair, falling a few strands of hair, with her slow walk, sprinkling in the flame sunset, for her exquisite face, coated with a layer of afterglow. Woman, has a kind of heart-stopping charm, night qingling simply can not move their own eyes, she believes that everyone has this feeling!
This...... How could it be the charm that the waste can exude?
"Four sisters, but two times do not see, is not not not recognized me?" The night's sunset provokes a playful smile, the bright stars, and sweeps away the arc of a demon.
Night Ling has always known that the night fall is very beautiful.
But once the night clear, although beautiful, but no aura, is simply dead. Especially that kind of flinching, cowardly fear of the character, but also make her beauty, lost the light.
Half an hour, say long not long, say short is not short.
There's a little more scent left.
The wandering ghost laughed and called it a brilliant, cheerful face.
Even with a look to the eyes of the emperor Moxuan, but also through a little satisfaction.
Just put the "adge" on the mouth.
Three men were shocked to sweat, and one by one pulled the ghost.
The heart secretly: the old man is really a madman, even the emperor is not afraid, but don't involve them also lost their lives!
Just when the main trial table is noisy, but see the xuan pagoda a white light flashing bright.
Vaguely, it seems to see a slender figure, from the top of the baboon aleisure step out.
"Out, out!"
" She...... She's really out! "
"Half the hour?" It's not half a hour' good! There's a little more to that incense! "
How can it be! How could she pass ten tests in half an hour! "
Suddenly, the crowd broke out with a sound of surprise.
White glow, lined with sunset prints.
The woman in red, the pace elegant, but come.
A blue silk, with the strong wind flying, the corner of the skirt like a blooming flowers.
The woman's face poured into the city, and the beauty of the body exuded suffocating beauty.
A slap-sized kitten, sitting on the woman's shoulder, added a little softness to the woman.
Everyone's sight, followed by the woman, can not be removed.
"Half an hour, I passed. The woman's pink lip was raised and her head coned to the main court.
The tone is plain, look calm, for their own half-hour through ten assessments, there is no hint of excitement.
All three men's chins fell to the ground, and they rubbed their eyes one by one.
There are husband, body a shake, straight into the upper baboon, to find out where there is a loophole, let the night clear cheat.
You can swim around the pagoda without any problems.
The three men were then traded with the four men who sat around the square and guarded the Xuanbao tower.
These four men, the just husband, all the things inside the pagoda, they know all the time.
The four of them were very certain that the night was through their ability to pass ten assessments in one fell swoop, and there was no cheating.
Busy outside, a tea kung fu past.
Three presiding judge only stiffly returned to the main trial table announced: "Congratulations on the night seven Miss night night fall half a hour, through the complex ten assessment, special approval, become a formal student of Shangxuan College!"
The ghost's smile stiffly on his face, his big mouth open, pointing to the night, "the old man's apprentice ... You...... Can't you give some face! "
When he ascended, his face crossed, covering his face: "The old man's apprentice ah!" Laozi rarely want to accept ah! "
The stiff three gods have stayed where they are, and there is no extra expression at all.
Night clearance slowly walked to the main trial table, the line of sight is concentrated in the night qing ling body.
The cold sight, like a poisonous snake, wrapped around the neck of the night ling.
The night qing linguity back a cool, subconsciously clenched the hand of the long sword.
Is at night when the spirit of fear, but see the night clear straight to the wandering ghost.
"Seniors, I have worshipped the teacher's door, can not betray the teacher's door, worship under your door, if the predecessors do not abandon, please accept my brother Xiaoxuan as a disciple."
She doesn't know the ghost, but she also knows that it's definitely a person of personality, and powerful.
Is the so-called fat water does not flow out of the field, she can not worship the teacher, but also have to circle the ghost to their own side.
After hearing that the night qing ling refused to swim ghosts, those who understood the identity of the wandering ghost, one by one, stared at the night.
can't believe your ears.
Someone refused to be a ghost's apprentice!
How many people squeeze their scalps and want to worship under the door of the ranger?
Can be helpless to swim ghost sex strange, moody, even the dean can not control him, how also refused to accept.
Such a good chance that the night fall actually gave up?
One by one have speculated, the master of the night is who, can make the night clear at all refused to swim ghosts, do not want to betray the master door.
The night fell just to lift the charm, to the direction of the emperor Moxuan to look at, and then take back the line of sight.
She did not say a word, but this move, but like a stone, fell into the calm water, set off a huge wave.
"The master of the seven ladies... Is it the Emperor? "
"No wonder... The emperor who saw the dragon never saw the end will appear here!
There is the emperor of this master, for me, I will not betray the master ah! "
As long as and Tim Hyun involved in the relationship, all is impossible, it becomes possible.
It's like the night-clearing waste for more than a decade, suddenly becoming so powerful.
It's like night clearing passing through the ten most complex assessments.
Everything is so taken for granted.
"Lean back!" Emperor's Boy! It's you who got in front of LaoZi! "
Emperor's boy?
The sound of insipling the air-conditioner rang out all around.
This...... I'm afraid only a ghost, dare to call the emperor Moxuan?
The lazy man sat up slowly.
Narrow eyes, slender fingers, like unconscious to play with the ring between the fingers, rose red thin lips raised the arc, hidden a few evil.
Just glanced at so, still in the sleeve of the angry ghost, the flame of the instant disappeared.
He caressed his white robe, and a cold air squirted out of his nasal cavity: "Okay!" Don't accept this girl, don't take!
After saying, the ghost touched the nose, but also a face of reluctant look to the night clear: "little girl, you wait, and so the old son beat the emperor boy, the old son will rob you back!"
"..." The night cleared the corner of the mouth with a twitch.
The ghost's obsession with receiving her as an apprentice is too deep.
"Little man, come here."Tim a sudden and raised his hand, toward the direction of the night clear wave.
Little man?
What the heck!
This time, the corner of the night's eyes also twitched.
She hard scalp, life-saving walk past, for fear of Emperor Moxuan and put on a play "but come, then past" the play code.
Turned over and jumped on the main trial desk, the night landing station set in front of the Emperor Moxuan.
Tim Hyun reached for her, and patted her legs: "Little man, sit here."
The look of no one on the side of the two men caused the people around them to drop their chins to the ground.
Previously they were guessing that Tim Hyun was the master of the night.
But the atmosphere between them, really does not look like a teacher.
On the contrary... Like a pair of awkward lovers!
This thought, so that the people present have shaken off a body of chicken skin.
Past sitting?
Sitting in his arms?
Lord, are you sure you're not kidding?
Night clear stiff twisting, pretend not to see the emperor MoXuan, directly to the three spring zong area.
When the eyes were set on the night, she looked sharp: "Now that I have passed the hospital examination, I now have to challenge the students who have passed the competency assessment."
Right!
Her purpose in the admission examination was to defeat the night-clear spirit and destroy the evil sword that seriously injured the night maple.
But not to make a small fuss with Tim hyun.
The consciousness of the night qing spirit shrinks behind the light of the night, and is frightened by the eyes of the night.
Five fingers clenched in the hands of evil sword, it seems that only in this way, in order to make themselves at ease.
"You have the right to refuse, not to take her challenge!" The night clear edi-down lowered his voice, quietly.
The night-clear breathed tightly, nodding stiffly.
Sisters are in business, but see the night of the fall of the calm, the voice spread: "As we all know, The College of Shanghai Xuan to recruit new students, extremely strict, strict, but also uphold the principle of fairness and openness, resolutely protect all students' assessment fairness."
Said, the eyes of the night, has looked to the main trial table, the three husbands on the body: "I report, three quanzong four miss night qing ling, in order to pass the ability assessment, do not hesitate to use the power of the dark forces of things, to obtain qualifications, but also ask the husband Oftincha!"
All the eyes of all the people, all in a flash, coalesce in the area of The Sanquan.
The dark Ones?
The tang zheng of the three springs, and the world is rejected by the dark forces involved in the relationship?
Even fall to the point where you need to pass the capability assessment with the help of the dark Ones?
The sight of the crowd, from the initial worship, turned to disdain and cynicism.
The face of the light ness of the night was dark.
She completely did not expect that the night fall would disregard the face of Sanquanzong, in public to expose the night qing.
And the night qing spirit because of the night clear a few times the eyes forced, heart-scared, only hold that long sword, can be at ease.
In the eyes of the public, the night of the spirit of nature there is no way to hide the evil sword, otherwise it is empty of heart.
At this time, the night is finally to understand, the night clear why did not report them in the first place.
Is to arouse the fear and fear of the night.
Thus achieve - people have stolen.
In the depths of the light beauty of the night, a mass thought was gathered.
"You, you vilify me!" Night Qingling was eyed by the crowd red-eared red, angry and angry to stand up, "This long sword is my elder sister borrowed from her master's sword, naturally and ordinary sword is different!"
"The flame fan in your hand is not also given to you by the Emperor, but also different from the usual fan!"
Night Qingling is also clever once: "It is difficult for you to use this fan to be admitted to the hospital assessment, I would like to say that you are using the forces of the dark forces?"
That's what I said... It seems to make sense.
And that sword is borrowed from the ten-view palm, the night spirit will enhance the strength, but also a matter of course.
"Miss Seven, as Miss Night Four said, do you have any evidence that she used the dark Ones?" The husband carefully inquired about the night and fell, and by the way looked at the face of Tim Hyun.
The night fell slightly, the beautiful light flow, raised his hand, pointed to the night qing ling: "I challenge the night qing spirit, personally test, that long sword is the ten-view of the head of the thing, or the dark forces of the mysterious thing!"
How much money is your apology worth?
Rejection, that is the default of her long sword, is the dark forces of the thing, but also will be involved in the ten scenes of the palm.
Battle, if you beat the night clear is good.
But if you lose, wouldn't it expose the evil sword and the dark ones?
Sanquanzong is completely destroyed!
When the night is clear when really want to destroy the three springs zong can not? "How? Four sisters are not afraid? The night fell narrow and charming, and there was a playful smile in the corner of his mouth.
The night clear spirit of the body trembling, just want to open the mouth, then the night light pinched the arm of the meat.
She put up with it, ignoring the thrill of the night's fall.
"Even if the four sisters dare not fight, presumably the just husband will be the hands of the four sisters of the mysterious things, do a comprehensive inspection."The night is a cry of a sigh, as if to mention the mouth of the mutter.
But this murmur, far away, but clearly transmitted to the night spirit of the eardrum.
Immediately, the night fell up, the bottom of the eyes are full of taunts: "Just, since the four sisters in the possession of gods to help, but also this fear of me, I have nothing to say."
The words of the night fall, so that all the people present to see the eyes of the night, more taunting and disdain.
With ten king of the sword borrowed, are afraid to meet the next waste of more than a decade of sister's challenge.
People began to question the night qing ling that sword, whether it is the hidden thing, have threatened to just the husband to thoroughly investigate the night qing's weapons.
And when the people look at the night, it is a face of worship and surprise, and some people's eyes are full of admiration.
In this worship of force, the strong for the respect of the alien.
That's the benefits of power.
Even if you've ever been wasted to the back of a beat.
But once you have the strength to be afraid, the black spots that used to be wiped out will be wiped out.
"Who says I'm afraid of you!" Well, than! "
Night Qingling is thin, has always been touted, at this time in the words of the night, we look at her eyes, are so disdainandable and taunting. Her glass heart couldn't bear it at all.
Brain a hot, when standing up, long sword pointed to the night clear: "seven sisters, I just to preserve your face, in order to preserve the face of the emperor and the emperor only repeatedly endure, you have to be aggressive, four sister is not polite!"
The side of the night is shallow, the face when a stiff, tight hands of the night spirit without traces of slip down.
Damn fool!
The bottom of the night was a burst of anger, to their own fellow sister, there is a full feeling of disgust.
However, since the night Qingling has responded to the war, there is now no room for withdrawal.
She had to press down on the anger of the bottom, with a gentle smile, gentle opening: "seven sisters, their own sisters, and angry and rich."
Fang only four sisters will be injured in a coma, how did not think, that is also your eight brothers? The night was cold.
Night light was squishy, face slightly changed: "the spirit has never known the proportion, eight brother son things, big sister here to give you a gift apology."
"How much money is your apology worth?"The night clear edaddy white look at her, "Now I will kill you, and apologize to you again?"
"You..." The night was shallow by the half of the words can not speak, the face of the red, a pair of watery eyes, when the landing surfaced a few water mist.
A low-sipping voice came from the other side of the stand.
The cold wind stood up, a face of displeasure to screw up the eyebrows: "noisy into what the system, seven miss to challenge, only the challenge is!"
"I still understand the rules of The Academy. "The night is charming, directly interrupted the words of the night, "compared to the test is just more than the test, point to the end, will not make a life, after all ... The four sisters still took a breath, didn't they? "
Night qing ling scared face white, back a chill, began to regret how he just on the brain a hot, should be under the challenge of night clearance.
The night fell without any disguise of his purpose.
She was to tell everyone present that her nightfall was not what it used to be.
Now, she will cast her own glory!
Her people, who dares to deceive?
Heaven goes to heaven, will hunt down!
"Don't talk, to challenge the hasten to roll to the challenge, Laozi also want to study that sword!" The ranger urged impatiently.
He is inherently a man of sexual instability, here listening to two people crooked, has been full of impatience.
With the ability to solve things with fists, don't bother to talk, waste time.
The night fell extremely sarcastic ally of the eyes of the night clear, a sneer, immediately to the upper baboon.
The night qing spirit at this time also has no way back, especially when you hear the ghost want to study this sword, the heart is more restless.
Frightened and cowering, he followed the night.by THE night. "Four misses, and so on. "
Suddenly, on the main stage, the long-silent voice, suddenly came.
At night the footsteps of the night, the man stares big, the ecstasy twists his head.
Is The Emperor calling her?
The emperor called her!
The bright glow of the emperor's ink, the very lazy outstretched slender fingers, caressed the thin lips of the rose red.
This move, so that the night clear blood groove empty, red-eared red, almost fainted in the past.
"It's both a trial and you don't have to give me face, and go all out is." Tim Hyun's thin lips are light.
This sentence, like five thunder to the top.
What blood grooves empty, what face red ear red ah, this time pass are replaced by thunder.
Tim hyun is simply a god to complement the knife ah!
This will, the night Qingling in the test when the fiasco, can not find an excuse, said is to see in the face of the emperor, the staff of mercy.
Instead, she must do her best.
Otherwise, it is not to give the emperor a face.
Tim Hyun this is the last retreat of the night Qingling to be sealed. The ghost yelled: "Open the challenge space!" Laozi is going to watch the war! "
Around the four just husband, leaping up, around the tower, palms at the same time shot out a dazzling glow.
After the light dissipated, the night fall and the night qing lingtwo, it has disappeared into the square.
Immediately after, the distinguished man in the purple robe disappeared from the main stage.
The emperor is to go with the xuan pagoda, watch the night fall than the test!
All the people's heart tight, have pulled out on the xuan, chose the night to clear the challenge than the test.
This test, is definitely this ability assessment, the most wonderful duel!
The space for challenging the platform is slightly different from the space for ability assessment.
The night fall and the night clear spirit two people, is to hear the voice of the audience space, but also with the audience space people to talk.
Two people standing on top of the platform, the night sunset shaking the feather fan, a melodious look.
Anti-night clear, small face pale, benevolent between all is not willing, but also through fear.
The noise around the night, make the night clear and delicate body trembling.
Audience space less said there are also hundreds of people. Tim Hyun sits in the first place, on the other side is to follow to see the lively wandering ghost.
After the two people's audience, both are famous people.
The night spirit is even more alarming.
Afraid these people would see that there was a problem with the long sword in her hand.
Her mysterious jade has long been destroyed, and now only rely on the power of the evil sword to fight.
Nightfall can be found, only for others will also find this secret. "Four sisters, don't worry, it's a normal test, losing is okay."
"Seven sisters, you are only a recent time, only with the emperor son learned to practice the way of the atmosphere, but after all, is the first learning of the metaphysical, everything ... It's just that you'll leave a way back. "
Night Qing ling talk, eyebrows between the air, long sword, a fire like the mysterious, then straight away.
"I'm... Do you need a back pass? "The night fell cold smile, the feather fan a show, condensed the mysterious air on the feather fan, gently waved.
Countless strong winds lingered on the feather fan in an instant.
It was easy to swing the oncoming fire knife away.
Spin, the night clear down a leap, the feather fan at the fingertips of the rotation extremely fast, swirling, but also wanton circulation, like a sharp blade.
That illusory trick, only a residual feather fan, the naked eye simply can not catch.
By the time the night-clearing was aware of the oncoming mystery, it was impossible to avoid it.
The cold and treacherous breath came.
"Avoided?"
"Miss Night Four's xuanission is so deep! Just that sword if it is me, absolutely can not avoid ah! "
"Miss Night Seven's xuansteps... Seems to be just huang Xuan's situation, still unstable, how to take that sword? "
"Is it the flame fan given by the Emperor, right?"
The sound of the debate under the stage did not affect the night and night.
She is a hand, red light demon, with the cold chill, direct attack on the face of the night.
Is the night of the face of the grim white, the heart scared can not avoid the occasion, the hand of the long sword instantly has an independent consciousness, control the body of the night qing.
See the night qing ling body hanging in the air, quickly moving back.
However, the red feather fan was still on the shoulder of the night ling.
The sleeves of the tinted clothes were suddenly cut open, revealing half-cut white shoulders.
Soon, blood poured out, covered with snow white over his shoulders.
The night-clear spirit seems to be unaware of the pain, the long sword moved, burst out a thrilling sword.
In the sky, there appeared a sword by the sword.
"Miss Night Four... How can you make a sword? "
In the audience area, several elders stood up in horror.
The use of weapons by countless mysteries in the world is varied, with swords as the head.
Each weapon has its own unique set of tricks.
It's like swordsmanship.
The xuan scale is higher, the ability is strong, but if the sword art can not achieve the achievement of the sword holy, it is simply impossible to use the sword to create a huge virtual sword.
The audience area is a pumping sound from time to time.
Powerful! It's so powerful!
Night home of these people, one by one are perverts ah!
Night-clear sharp sight, all hot; "
Sword art, the night of the fall also had to mention a little mental response.
A moment under her feet, her body had quickly receded.
As if after a sophisticated calculation, the body of the night, happens to be bypassing the trajectory of the giant sword.
"Miss Night Seven avoided the oly trick of swordsmanship! These night saves... What kind of genius is it! "
"It's even more surprising to be able to hide the great sword that can be formed by the sword, which is far from swords! Night seven Miss's strength, only afraid of far more than these ah! "
"I really can't understand what Miss Night Seven is thinking, clearly is in the downwind, but it looks like it is amusing the night four miss play."
Audience area, someone's eye-tip discovery, the night of the night, every move, like a puppet is tied up in the general.
The voice just dropped, just when the crowd wanted to see, when the stage on the stage when a strong pressure, broke out.
Strong waves, hit on the platform.
The ground of the taitai, a violent turbulence, was a direct crack, the rubble splashed.
The sword of Xuanyin in the hands of the night qing ling, issued a sound of the sword.
"Since you dare to cheat with evil things, you have to be psychologically prepared to be found." The night was a slur of contempt.
Can see, the night Qingling this move, because the words of the visitors, so that her heart panicked, afraid.
If it is really seen, she is at night, when it is really about to become the whole nirvana boundary joke!
The night clear heart of the next urgent, more want to quickly end this battle.
The more intense and turbulent air waves released by Xuanyin make the whole taiwan, all shrouded in a layer of light.
The audience area of the people looking at the platform, is false reality, can not see clearly.
"Little bitch, you want to ruin me, then I'm going to ruin you now!" The night-clearing sword is cut.
Deliberately low voice, but can not hide the tone of the tone and fierce.
"Trying to ruin me?" It's up to you... Not enough! "
The night fell to the ears of the confusion of all the people smile, the fingertips of the feather fan suddenly show, a demonic red light, in the feather fan between the haunting.
The night fell lip flaps slightly, spitting out two words.
The night-clear spirit has not yet had time to return to God, suddenly see the waves in front of the eyes, a white figure, from the eyes of a flash.
There is no way to see what the white thing is, what it is.
Suddenly, the shoulder was light, as if something had fallen on her shoulder.
sharp teeth, and pierced the shoulders of the night.by the night.
A sting, suddenly all over the night to clear the spirit all over.
A cry, the night qing lingren staring, reach edgy to grasp the shoulder.
That thing, not to mention a sting, bit her finger straight.
Immediately after, the white little hair ball, and turned into a white shadow, back to the night to fall shoulder.
Little claws, scratching their little heads. The pink little tongue, licking the mouth, seems to be the taste of blood, is still satisfied.
"Little bitch, you... How dare you let something bite me! "
The night fell and watched the blood of the night-clear fingers seep into the long sword.
Especially...... I love to draw human blood.
Once the things of the mysterious yin are stained with human blood, the atmosphere of the bathe will riot.
That's the idea.
Evil sword riot, Mo said is now destroyed the night of the night, is before the mysterious still in the night qing, is also no way to control.
"You're a foul!"
Before the night clear, listen to the light warning of the night, must not put their own blood, flow on the sword.
At this time, looking at the blood in their hands, the time was drawn by the evil sword, panicked God.
Night clear touched the shoulder of seven: "foul?" This is my war pet, I use it to assist in the fight, why not? "
The assessment of Shangxuan College, there is indeed no explicit provision, not to use war favors.
After all, to be able to accept a war favorite, that is also the ability of the mystery.
To be able to cooperate with the war pet with the tacit understanding of the battle, that is also the ability of the mystery.
The group under the platform stared wide- and stared at the whiteness of the night's fallen shoulders, and their chins were almost falling to the ground.
War, war?
Is there a war favorite that's grown like that?
Didn't expect the ferocious night seven Miss's war favor, so ... Well, lovely.
The wrist of the night-clearing spirit had begun to shake up.
It is clear that the evil sword riot has been out of control.
Countless mysterious air, in the evil sword in the movement.
Evil sword, this is mainly yin.
After sucking human blood, especially the woman's blood, the sword body has been unable to restrain the quiver.
Loud, evil sword-wielding smouldering air blew open.
The whole platform, cracked into pieces, has no standing place.
The powerful power enveloped the whole piece of the stage.
Even the onlookers on the stage felt the startling momentum.
Yes, chill.
That kind of cold, as if from hell, cold bone, mixed with a dark force.
The audience, there is no shortage of those mysterious circumstances of the strong, even the college man is also listening to the outside of the comments, one after another to come in.
These people, of course, can see the night spirit is not right.
In particular, now the evil sword riot, simply can not hide their own evil. "It's the dark Ones. "
The voice of the wandering Lang Lang came, and in an instant it overwhelmed the other people who were talking.
He squinted at several husbands standing behind him, his voice cold: "Capacity assessment is which asshole audit of the weapon, the old man's apprentice is destroyed by this evil sword!"
Several men bowed their heads, ashock and aguerrilla of the majesty of the ghost.
The bottom of my heart was restless.
After all, the other side is the night home of the four ladies, the position of strength is there.
The husbands naturally did not expect that the night house would deal with the dark Ones.
Also did not have much to check the night of the spirit, then let go.
"The old man, that... Then force disqualification of Miss Night Four, stop this test"? The husband was behind him, carefully raising his opinion.
The crowd had a chill on the back.
Dare to love the emperor is to this test, as a play ah?
They saw it as a thrilling one.
Especially now, the night Qingling hands that long sword, is completely a violent state, the air is also unstoppable can not block the pour out.
Don't...... The emperor doesn't worry about his apprentice?
"But ... If the hidden object is out of control, only afraid that it will hurt Miss Seven at night..." said the husband worriedly.
Dimo Xuan eyebrows slightly raised, that flow of light peach blossoms, it seems to fall a pool of spring water.
"It doesn't matter, but a sword, Afellay can solve."
The light voice, from the emperor ink mysterious thin lips overflow, "not to mention, if she can not fight, by this honor."
The haunted man is also on the side of the mouth. Master is a master, yin so strong sword, in their mouth, like a common sword.
Miss Seven night... What a really good thing?
By the mere situation of Huang Xuan, we can deal with the sword of Xuanyin?
On the platform, the night fall and the night clear spirit each hanging in the air.
The surrounding of the night's qinglings, surrounded by a layer of treacherous yin, a hair, in the yin blow, in the back of the root of the tooth dance claws upside down.
A long dress in a dark color, has long been black.
That wave of strong waves, rolling.
And the night fall, is the hands holding the chest, the toes fall on the edge of the platform on the station.
Her eyebrows are full of playful smile, the gesture is leisurely, as if waiting for the night spirit to accept the evil sword devoured.
When the people saw this scene, the heart was completely convinced of the night."
"She should not take this opportunity, a move to take the night four miss ah!" Wait for the night four miss completely accepted the attachment of the evil sword, but it is very difficult to deal with! "
"Miss Night Seven is waiting... Wait for Miss Night Four to accept the attachment of the evil sword? She's so confident that she can handle that sword? "
"I suddenly think that Miss Night Seven is so handsome and handsome ah! I'm falling in love with her! "
At this time, the night of the night on the stage, has been completely by the evil sword attached, the whole body, have been swallowed by the evil sword.
She was demeaned and her body was as rigid as a sword. Even the movement, are floating.
The hoarse voice kept repeating the sentence.
At this time of the night, the spirit, it can only say this sentence. Her whole person, without self-consciousness, completely turned into a sword.
"The game, it's starting. The night clear mouth corner smile mysterious, light arc, but through a few cold colors.
What she wants is the night-clearing spirit in the eyes of the people, exposing the use of the sword of the secret.
After all, seeing is real.
She also had no extra time, waiting to go to Xuan College to thoroughly investigate the matter. It's just, it's a little surprising... Evil sword swallowing ability is so strong, a drop of blood, can let it mad will be the owner of the flesh to occupy.
Swallowed?
She won't let the night clear death so simple.
Night fall cold smile, feather fan at the fingertips of a rotation, the red man, and the fusion of the atmosphere, rolled up a thousand wind blades, forced the night to clear the spirit.
The entourage nodded lightly, 'Yes, Mr. Jong-hee is currently chief executive of Mr. North'. 
Festino and Luo Yibei is not the first time to meet, two people one is expensive, one is a famous door, many occasions will meet, but there is no positive contact.
Follow from the inquiry, purely confirmed.
Get a positive answer, he did not say much, but the eyes again drifted out of the window.
The sports car out of the window had gone away, and the white car was turned into a smaller and smaller dot, which slowly disappeared into the night.
Festino stared at the direction of the two men leaving for a while before looking over the driver in front of him, 'Let's go'!
Fang Chixia followed Luo Yibei left, straight back to the two people here home.
Fangchi Xia first up stairs, back to the room, went directly to the bathroom.
When Luo Yibei came up, she even bathed, standing in front of the balcony, with a towel to wipe the wet long hair.
Lowe-North took a slender step into the house, sat sit lazily on one side of the sofa in front of the window, her eyes silent and looked in her direction.
Something so big happened tonight that no one could come out, but she didn't seem to be scared at all.
Left the scene, home, take a bath, and like the one who is fine.
Even very moodwhile while wiping long hair while humming, the voice is very small, children's songs, five tones are not all over.
She is always like this, the mood does not seem to be easy for anything around it.
Courage, and the kind of danger in the face of danger, is also much better than the average girl.
Loybei listened to her song, the corner of her eyes pumped, lazily leaning on the sofa, one hand holding her forehead, still staring at her.
Fangchi Xia seems to see at all did not see behind him, still self-care swiping his own hair.
Loybei thought of the situation she had run back from in the villa, and asked casually, 'How did you just know there was a danger'?
'This one'? Fangchi Xia side glanced at him, avoided Festino, explained, 'I was going to go to the villa outside, passing the corridor, suddenly smelled the smell of the air a little unusual, and then found a lot of spilled gasoline in the corridor, guess'.
Loybei looked at her with a good time, and her answer seemed a little surprised.
between the two, for a moment of silence.
Fang Chixia took the towel and continued to wipe his hair.
After wiping almost, turned around, ready to return to the house, the wrist cold was pulled by Luo Yibei.
Fangchi Xia, looking at him, a face puzzled.
Luo Yibei bowed his head, his fingertips taped the screen, and he was silent for a moment, his face slowly rising up.
The deep gaze quietly gazed into her eyes, staring at her bright tweezers for a while, and he tentatively asked, 'At that time, since i knew clearly how dangerous there might be, why come back'?
His words were slow, word for word, asked unusually clearly, and when he looked at her, his eyes seemed to flash.
Fangchi Xia xia, said back to him, 'Isn't there so many people in there'?
Very a word, it doesn't sound wrong, however, it is to let Luo Yibei's face are sunk.
Luo Yibei obviously felt her uneasiness, two small hands put his bathrobe and stoad, are almost tearing down.
The man who was so heroic last night that he dared to attack now knows he's afraid?
The scene was really chaotic, it felt like a superstar came on and it was noisy.
Luo Yibei very do not like this noisy environment, if put in peacetime, quasi-sharp eyes to a group of people face a sweep, a 'all to me shut up' to solve.
Today, however, I don't know what he thinks, he's been confronted by so many cameras that he's not angry.
The sight was faintly swept away from a group of people, and in the eyes of the crowd, he simply asked, 'What are you talking about'?
Then, leaning over, the cold lips gently kissed the woman on the forehead in her arms.
A very slight action, but let the scene in the hands of the camera shooting more crazy.
Fang Chixia's body is obviously stiff, he is doing what?
Want to lift the head, however, scruples to two people are so many cameras aimed at the head and low down.
A group of people seemed to be shocked by Loybe's action, and the scene was even more boiling.
'Is Master Lo an acknowledgement of your relationship with Miss Guillaume'?
'Now that both of them are present today, say a few more words'!
'Can Miss Ji lift her head up'?
Reporter's words a lot, questions one after another.
Half a day did not get a response, the crowd did not know who exclaimed, 'Yeah, this lady's height does not seem to be like Ji Ai'!
In a word, let a group of people back to God, the first time began to seriously measure the square pool summer.
Want to ask more, the purpose has been achieved in the luoyi North lip corner to draw up a sarcasm, a change of the previous loose, eyes coldly swept to a group of people, cold to the crowd is a roar, 'all give me to get out'!
Not high not low voice, light light, but that kind of inadvertently refracted cold, but cold to the bone marrow.
The speed of the face change, but also very fast.
Before also enthusiastic ally ready to ask more of a group of reporters by his roared body a little, you look at me, I look at you, the heart is very reluctant.
It's rare for such a big news story, who doesn't want to make a headline?
However, looking at Luo Yibei that cold frozen face, but no one has the courage to continue to stay, the last swarm of all scattered.
around, and again quietdownd down.
FangchiXia's face slowly lifted, side-eye lookaroundaround, gently breath.
Luo Yibei squinted her eyes she still pulled his bathrobe hand, and looked at herself by her drag all quickly slipped the bathrobe, cold-cold squint, face expressionless spit out a sentence, 'how? I didn't have much fun last night, and i want to do it again'? 
Fangchi Xia, looked at the clothes and half faded, can almost use the 'male color seduction / bewilderment' to describe him, the hand seems to touch what germs like, disgusted to shrink back.
Turned her back, and she said she was very recnoised.
Luo Yinorth eyebrows a pick, lips raised a touch of contempt, 'is it? But I didn't see it from your face last night'. 
Down the tone, and added, 'Yeah, you have been holding me will not let go'.
Light floating a word, melodious into the square pool summer ear, square pool xia the whole person completely silly.
Loybei's face, almost a moment, sank.
He looked at her eyes still sharp, it felt like a little reluctant.
Fang Chixia was seen by him back and bone cool, his hand out from his hands, if nothing else into the bathroom.
come out again, and it was a few minutes later.
Loybei's eyes chased her figure move, watching her in front of her turn, turn edit, when she walked to the bedside, suddenly stood up to her and walked past.
FangchiXia is lifting the sheets, heard his footsteps, so a little.
Fangchi Xia was pounced again!
Or without any omens.
She doesn't even know where she lit the line of fire!
The next day, when she woke up like a full body, she hated the man who was still in the house, and when she looked at Loebe, her teeth rattled.
Loybei was wearing clothes, her long arms casually stretched into the sleeves, straightened the collar, and then the action elegantly began to buckle the buttons on the shirt.
Fang chixia gritted his teeth and scolded a sentence.
Her voice was so small that she could only hear herself.
What's the ear of Lolo-North?
The hearing was so sharp that a little sound came to him, as if it had been magnified several times.
Accurately captured the words in her mouth, the corner of the eye light slightly sideways, he looked in her direction, eyebrows picked, 'Don't accept'?
In a word, the square pool summer blocked, even if there are full of complaints, and finally all swallowed back into the stomach.
Every time Lowe North speaks with this tone, it's generally not what she wants to hear.
Two people go on like this, the dialogue becomes 'unconvinced and then continue' or 'winner for the king loser warm bed' and so on.
Fangchi Xia know how to stop, and, are married, last night that kind of thing is normal!
She's just disgruntled with whining, and what can be really about him?
'Are you going to the company today'? Want to open the single bed, glimpse the clothes still scattered on the ground, her movements again.
Lowe Bei dragged back her ending sound, first looking at her clothes, and then melodramatically turned to her body.
He was looking at her, and his eyes were even a little interesting.
Fang Chixia was a little embarrassed, but he didn't want to see the play.
Pretended to have nothing to lift the single out of bed, with a single wrapped in their own body, leaned over, will pick up the clothes, she thundered not to cover the speed, back to him, the clothes put on the body.
Her movements were so fast that she did not give the ambiguous fermentation time at all.
After dressing, she turned to the bathroom, 'Wait a minute, I'll go with you'!
Loybei looked at the sheets that she was still opening, her brows screwed, and the expression seemed a little disappointed.
Fang Chixia came out again, first changed his clothes out of the door, and then with him downstairs.
On the way to the company, Loei drove north, talking to her, 'Wait for an agreement with the R royal family to sign, you go for me'.
Yung-hee has been working with the royal families of all countries, Fang Chixia is aware that these relations were established a long time ago.
Many members of the royal family attend a variety of social occasions jewelry, generally designed by the designer of Rongxi, and each one is unique.
When it comes to signing with the R-State Royal family, Fang Chixia is not surprising.
But why let her go?
'You... Rest assured'?
She is at best just a small new person who has just entered Rongxi, meeting members of the royal family such an important occasion, he was relieved to let her go alone!
What she's actually trying to ask is, isn't he afraid of being screwed up by her?
Lowe-North just looked at her without expression, still self-driving car, this time, even a word is too lazy to appreciate her.
Fangchi summer eye corner of the afterglow to his direction, did not continue to ask.
He told her to do it, should he trust her?
The two men's cars continued on the road and then stopped outside the Rongxi building.
Luo Yibei walked in front of the first upbuilding, Fang Chixia followed him into to get the documents.
When he left alone, loeieven even gave her his car keys when he left.
The R royal family actually has a special person responsible for signing with Rongxi every time, and the person who does this has always been the same.
But this time, because Festinor and Suri happened to be in Nice, Suri offered to deal with the signing on his behalf.
The royals were not too sure, and then let Festino deal with it together.
By the time the two arrived at the restaurant, Fang Chixia had not yet arrived.
Suri is rushing to Luo Yibei, do not know that Rongxi responsible for signing the person has changed, came to the restaurant, has been holding the mirror makeup.
'Snow, do you think I can do that'?
'Do you think Elbe would like this makeup'?
'Where's this dress'?
Festino leaned on his side, his arms on the sofa, his head tilted and his hands held, just casually looking out of the window, ignoring her.
His appearance is very lazy, that face and cold in the with a few evils, eyes, so sitting there, the rate of return is almost 100 percent.
Around to see a lot of eyes, generally are women, toward this side of the crowdtothed more people.
Festino seemed to have not seen it at all, and the rambling look seemed to be unable to take a half-interest in everything around him.
Until, a thin figure suddenly crashed into the eye.
Outside the window, FangchiXia with a folder is trotting toward this side to come.
Running, he muttered anxiously, 'Late! I'm late'! 
She was three minutes late because of the congestion.
On such an important occasion, she knew it was impolite to be late and run a little fast.
She is not as much as many girls pay attention to the image, every step to take a big step to worry about how much, she ran, wearing a thin heel of the feet also several times.
When the pain, the fangs clung to their feet and kneaded, frowned and whispered, and then continued to run inside the restaurant.
Fesno sat in the dining room and looked out of the window with a changeable expression of her expression, lips and lips look good tick.
Suri's eye angle squinted to his reaction, very casually followed his line of sight to glance at the square pool summer, all the action, suddenly frozen.
Why is it only her?
Suri offered to come here because of Luo Yibei.
After entering the restaurant, nervously worried that they are not doing well here, there is not good enough, but also because of Luo Yibei.
However, now, Luo Yibei did not come even, why is it still her do not want to see the person?
The thought of the last relationship between Fangchi Xia and Luo Yibei, Suri looked at her eyes and caught the sword.
Fang Chixia came here before they did not know who they wanted to see, if you know it is Suri, she will certainly not come.
Suri at any time to see her eyes are prickly, come is not their own trick?
Even more to fangchi summer surprise, Festino is also!
What's the situation now?
Looking at the two people in the seat, Fangchi xia stopped.
He is...... The royal?
"What a coincidence!" Since appearing here, Hasno, who has been unconcerned, finally came to her spirit after seeing her, sat up, lips a tick, he first said hello to her.
Fangchi Xia people have come here, although the appearance of Suri let her very surprised, but still stiff towards the two people walked past.
Seeing Suri, she guessed the signing, I'm afraid to be yellowed by herself.
However, in her dictionary, there was no retreat of two words.
Come all over, naturally hard scalp past.
"Good two, I'm a representative of Yung-hee. "Open the chair opposite the two people sat down, Fangchi Xia positive color, will bring the contract to two people, "Mr. Luo Yibei let me come, this contract and the previous year Rongxi signed with the royal family, two first glance, if you feel no problem, we signed here, how?" 
Suri from the moment she saw her appear, the whole person with the deflated ball like, clattered to the sofa, just staring at her, did not speak.
"Do you have an opinion on both of them?" Fang Chixia's eyes turned to Festino again.
Festino was staring at her, too, but his eyes were not as hostile as Suri's, and he looked at her as loose as he could, even with a bit of fun.
Fang Chixia was very uncomfortable with him, the file pushed in front of him, she raised the volume, "This gentleman! "
"What's the matter?" Fisno returned to god after her words, and lifted her long face lightly, as if there was still a little dazed.
Fang Chixia was speechless to him, retelling, "What I just said, do the two have an opinion?" If there is no opinion, then, this contract two first look, look at the after we signed directly? "
She felt that, although Festino looked a little bad, a little evil, a little weird, but not like a bad talker.
However, he just glanced at her, and then, pointing to Suri, face not changed color floated out a sentence, "Sorry Oh, I am to accompany, the decision still in the hands of this lady." 
Suri obviously didn't expect him to come up with such a sentence, and looked at him a little strange.
Suri is well aware that as long as there is her and Festino in the occasion, any power, is absolutely in Festno's hands.
Is it nice to say something like that now?
Suri didn't understand Festino's behavior at first.
Ming ming last night also so help Fangchi Xia, now there is no reason to be embarrassed her only right.
Silently looking at him, Suri pondered for a moment, and the eyebrows were twisted with suspicion.
He dragged refused to sign, should not want to borrow this opportunity, more and Fangchi Xia contact?
Suri understood, but did not break.
If Festno does have this mentality, it's good for him.
As it happens, she's not going to sign the contract.
Understanding Festino's attitude, Suri began to make a public statement.
As long as Festino doesn't step in, it's her business to wonder how hard she is.
"Sign up such a big thing, casually call a person to come even?" Eyes swept to Fangchi Xia, Suri's arms ringing on the chest, a high-to-toe look.
Fangchi Xia's eyebrows wrinkled.
Is this going to be deliberately difficult?
Fang Chixia from the first look at her to guess that their task will not be so smooth, look down to her, she calmly cope with, "I'm sorry, this signing thing, but also I said! "
She does not speak as sharp as Suri, even did not start any waves, light, but, in the tone of the invisible penetration of a boldness, with so a little pride, but will not let people feel publicity.
Everything, she took the pinch just right, depressed the other side inthe invisible.
Su Ruigang that words in fact is also purely angry words, Fang Chixia how can be casually called?
Lowe Bei is a personal admission of the relationship between the two!
The woman recognized by Luo Yibei, and the two married are married, Fang Chixia's identity, is the Luo family's young lady!
Luo's real card of the young lady personally came forward, how can it be anyone?
Suri is actually very clear that Fangchi Xia this time, Rongxi is not random arrangements, but, is not able to swallow this breath.
"We're only willing to negotiate with Elbe, and if he doesn't show up, that's the end of the contract!" Throwing the papers to the side, Suri put up a princess shelf.
Fang Chixia did not expect her to speak well, can only turn to the eyes of the help to Fesno.
Festino shrugged awkwardly, looking powerless. Fangchi Xia rubbed the headache of the forehead, staring at the two people for a while, forced to helpless, can only stand up and leave.
Then she drove straight back to the company.
By the time it arrived, Loybei was in the office.
He was changing his clothes, as if to attend an occasion, and the morning shirt had been taken off and he was wearing a new one.
The one he was wearing was given to him by Fangchi Xia, white, a wear on him on the british air people can not be reluctant to move away from the color, noble and elegant.
Seeing her, he greeted her with a lazy look.
"I failed and the contract was not signed." Fang Chixia thought of Suri's words, a little depressed.
Lowe Bei doesn't seem to be surprised, just a faint "oh" voice, signaling her past, "Help!" 
He buttoned his shirt in half.
He seems to like to let Fangchi Xia do such a thing, the tone is natural.
Fangchi summer a few steps past, bowed his head, beautiful fingertips to help him put a button buckle, she said, "the royal family let you personally pass." 
"Suri?" Lowe Bei asked casually.
"You know?" Fangchi summer action, the face suddenly raised up.
"You didn't know until soon after you left." Lowe North faintly explained a sentence, the eye corner afterglow fell again on her shirt, signalling her to continue.
Fangchi Xia bowed his head, helped him to button on two more, staring at him that shirt looked at, the eyebrows screwed.
He knew that the person she was going to face was Suri, and he should have guessed that she was going to be uncertain this time.
He's going out now, isn't it?
Aware of this problem, Fangchi Xia's head cold again raised up, "You are now ready to go?" 
Lowe Bei casually responded to her a cry.
Very loose word, Fangchi Xia's hand action suddenly frozen, the expression on the face also solidified for a few seconds.
Go, why change clothes?
Change clothes, why wear so popular white?
Luo Yibei is the kind of people who can't casually wear white, every time they put on, that feeling is like the head suddenly by a few thousand watts of spotlight shines like, against that this kind of good-looking five officials, extraordinarily eye-catching.
Moreover, when he puts on white, his own natural cold and dark air field will be weakened, it is easy to forget his demonic properties.
FangchiXia is never allergic to people's appearance, but every time I see him like this, his chest will still be able to help jump.
Fang chixia stared at him for a while, red lips moved down, and then, slowly floating out a sentence, "This is even male seduction bewilderment are ready to use?" 
Her voice was small, as if she were talking to herself.
Loei North's ear is double-sharp, sensitive to capture her words, eyebrows look good to pick, "What do you say?" 
FangchiXia is not afraid of him, loosening the hand is helping him button, face suddenly raised, eyes fearlessly hit his eyes, word for word repeated, "I said, you call this is sell color! For the commercial interests, even their own men colors are used! "
She was blunt and charged with a sharp ness.
Luo Yibei at first seems not to react to her sudden words, a few seconds, understanding, even did not defend themselves, and even followed her to say, "Miss Fang, what are you so excited about? Have an opinion? "
A light floating sentence, but the square pool summer successfully blocked.
Fang Chixia's reaction was a little emotional, and she did have a little bit of an opinion.
Why would she wear the clothes she gave her?
It's a mess of her clothes! Lowe Bei observed her look without a sound, a good face with a full-time look.
Lowe Bei quoted her just said a joke, pulled her, with her careless to go out.
Fang Chixia was silent about his words.
"Am I going, too?" Passively followed him, she asked again.
"Isn't it convenient to take a wife to grab a bag?" 
Fang Chixia was a little squirmed by his words, did not say more.
He was obviously joking, he said so, and he must have thought more.
Aware of this problem, Fang Chixia's face expression, swords.
Followed him to the elevator, she asked again.
If they don't care about their image, who will change clothes for one thing before meeting someone?
Loyi North foot of the step a meal, side-to-side look at her, eyebrows lifted, "My clothes gradually on the coffee, want to change, have an opinion?" 
He had a good temper today, Fang ChiXia asked what to answer, seems to have a very patient look, it feels very much ... played in a little pet teasing of their own.
Fangchi Xia xia, did not speak again.
That's it!
"But, Miss Fang, do you care so much about what this question does?" 
Luo Yibei good to look at her, that eye, seems to hide a little bit of teasing.
Fangchi Xia back to God, the eyes are somewhat uncomfortable and he staggered, understated to say, "just ask." 
"Is it? When you ask, i forgot to take it with my brain?" Luo Yibei lips contemptuously yang, and then poisoned out a sentence, "on Suri's face, also need to sell the color?" 
He is very sharp, a shot of blood, the front is damaged is FangchiXia, the back is directly stepped on Suri.
If he poisons his tongue, what he says is generally hard to hear, and he doesn't take into account anyone's feelings.
A princess in the dont was satirized by him as such, if Suri is present, I am afraid that a lifetime has no face into the C city may also be!
Fang Chixia was damaged by him, angry face all collapsed, but did not refute.
What he said is actually the truth, he clearly used her last night to get rid of Suri, how could such a woman sell a face? 
"Go." Lowe's north side squinted her, lips raised a cool, walkined in front to the elevator.
The two then left Rongxi and went straight to the restaurant where suing Suri was good.
By then, Suri was still there, and Festino was not.
Suri was left to wait for Luo Yibei, saw suddenly he, eyes lit up, can glimpse behind him square pool summer, eyes dimd again.
Is he really going where he's taken her?
Lowe's slow-snousd came in, pulled the chair opposite her and sat down, placing the papers directly on the table.
"I don't like ink, this contract, sign or not sign, just a word, princess, do you think?" 
He has a cold magnetic field, talk ingress, but the words are like a mix of ice, listening to people's nerves are tight up.
"Elbe, this problem is not really I can do the master, this matter is mainly responsible for the person is Shino, but he has now left in advance, said that after your people to send documents to his hotel. "Suri met him, what arrogant, what publicity all no shadow, talk is also swallowing, suddenly a good education everyone show the appearance.
Loybecame came without knowing that Festino wasn't here, and his brow was wrinkled.
Fangchi Xia quietly listened to Suri's words, there is a feeling that they have been fooled.
At the thought of Festino before a face of no matter how lazy to sit next to watch the play, Fangchi Xia brow screwed.
"Stay ingres hotel. "
Loei north face less expression and asked again.
Suri took a pen next to him and wrote to him the hotel where Festino was staying.
Lowe-Bei took the note she had written, walked away, and didn't even mean to stay.
Fang Chixia followed him, and the two left the hotel and got into the car together.
Fangchi Xia thought this situation Luo Yibei should go in person, Luo Yibei got on the bus when it was also so intended.
However, the car has not started, suddenly received a phone call, the company called, it seems to be what is important.
After a phone call hung up, his eyes turned to FangchiXia.
"What's the matter?" Fang ChiXia asked confusedly.
"The company has something in a hurry to go back to deal with it right away, contract business, you go?" Presumably realizing that the problem might not be so good to solve, he seemed to hesitate to say it himself, not to be tough, but to ask her what she meant.
Luo Yibei means that If Fang Chixia does not want to go, then it does not have to go.
Fang Chixia actually do not want to go, Festino gave her a very loose feeling, very smart, there is a bit of danger, she is a little worried about their own can not cope.
Fang Chixia has always been very smart, if the average opponent, she may be able to easily cope.
But when she met Festno, she was a little uncertain.
Lowe-North saw her silent, guess she may not be so happy, did not say anything, the car dropped a head to want to go, Fang Chixia but his wrist pressed.
"I'll try it! I'll go back to the company later." Taking the note and folder in his hand, she pushed the door open and went down.
Luo Yibei left after that, Fang Chixia, according to Suri's location and telephone, drove to the hotel where Festino stayed. The royal appearance, the rehearsal is unusual.
Festino stayed at a resort hotel, the whole village was wrapped down, just quiet.
Fang Chixia from walking in, not to mention the guests staying, not even the waiter did not see a few.
All i see is the royal guard, which is well-trained to patrol around.
Fangchi Xia slowly walked in, while walking, while thinking about Fisno's identity.
Suri was a princess, however, before him, he had no say.
This suggests that Festino, if not the crown prince or something, is the heavyweight.
When i came to the hotel lobby, a hotel attendant who was dedicated to the reception came up.
"Come with me on your side." 
The man led her straight to the big restaurant.
By then, the restaurant was like the garden outside, and there was no one.
The whole room candlelight hazy, all colors of aroma-scented candles in all corners of the restaurant, orange halo is very light, but very warm.
It is beautifully furnished, with rose petals scattered around, as if it had been specially arranged, and as if it had been designed.
Festino came from the exit at the other end of the restaurant toward this side, his pace is very slow, eyes across the hazy candlelight look to this side of her, the lips look good.
He and LuoYiBei gas field is different, LuoYiBei belongs to the cold type, he belongs to the evil spirit of evil, seemingly scattered, but invisibly gives people a strong oppressive force.
This man is a fox who has practiced for thousands of years!
This was Fangchi Xia's first reaction after seeing Festino.
"I didn't expect to be separated for a few minutes, and we met again, Miss Fang!" Fisno slowly approached her, pulled one of the chairs and sat down, looking in her direction.
His words were careless.
Mingming Fangchi Xia came here is his deliberate design, but he said nothing to do with himself.
He pretended to have nothing, and Fang Chixia had no intention of talking to him about the restaurant when he deliberately circled the matter, if nothing else to walk to him.
"I am RongXi's FangchiXia!" As if nothing had happened, she saluted him.
She is introducing herself, although the two are also known, but the identity of each other, but know nothing.
Fang Ichixia felt that in order to avoid being teased later, she needed to know his identity.
The purpose of introducing himself is to let him introduce himself.
Festino's lips were coldly raised, and he held out her hand to her, "R Chris family, Festino. Chris. "
He didn't actually directly identify himself, but introduced his name.
However, after a surname was uttered, Fangchi Xia was shocked that the mule shrivelled.
The Chris family, the oldest and most noble family in The R country, has a large family background and is legendary for black-and-white eating.
Fang Chixia on R country actually do not know much, but, the most basic common sense is still known.
Festino, like a man who was fine, picked a chair to sit down, and his face returned to a rambling look.
Holding the menu very casually looked down, he looked up, looked at her, "Don't sit?" 
He doesn't seem to have a shelf at all, unlike Loybe, a look that's killing.
But Fang Chixia is well aware that the Chris family of people, will not be good class.
Calm down the look of the face, if nothing happens to him sitting down, his own brought the document spread out in front of him, "Mr. Festino, this document you look the same first, if you think no problem, we sign first?" 
Festino glanced at her, the tone is still faint, it felt as if the two talked about not the royal family and a large family cooperation, but the usual chat like no longer normal.
"Not either". Fang Chixia could not have urged him, and the document came back.
"Then eat first!" Festino opened the menu without incident, placed a few dishes at will, and then handed the menu to her.
Fangchi Xia helpless, can only randomly place two dishes, accompany him to eat.
Festino was quiet when he ate, he did not speak, Fang chixia was also embarrassed to interrupt people to eat, can only wait for this meal to be resolved to talk about the right thing.
The table where the two sat placed a lot of bouquets of roses, not in the jars, but in a specially arranged basket on both sides of the table, well arranged and romantic.
There were many candles on the table, like a candle-lit dinner.
Fangchi Xia sat a little uncomfortable, a meal, only tasted a little, sitting and waiting for Festino.
She thought that he was a big man, and that it would soon be resolved.
Who knows, Festino also do not know whether it is nature or intentional, a meal to eat surprisingly slow, the action is still very loose.
Fang chixia and embarrassed to urge him, can only continue to wait next to.
In a word, before it was finished, Festino's cell phone rang suddenly.
Fangchi Xia, there is a bad hunch in the heart.
"Master, this waterfall is too big, with your current strength a little reluctant. "Little white sink channel.
The road of practice, a certain range of danger should be, but if the danger is greater, it is still prudent.
Belle red makeup pondered for a moment, according to her experience, although there is a certain danger of practice here, but not to threaten life.
As for injuries and other things, since embarking on the road of practice, injury is inevitable!
After determining the idea, The belle red makeup made firmly toward the bottom of the waterfall.
The sound of huge waves of water filled her ears, and her clothes were completely soaked in the first place.
At the moment straight spring, touch the river is still a cold, hundred saffron face because of the cold and pale a little.
"Master, can we go back to the ring of chaos!" In the waves of water, the little black struggled.
Baili red makeup slightly shake smiles, "you two do not want to suffer, the strength also needs to improve, or with me to practice it!" 
Little black sad, think it originally beautiful and exquisite appearance, now the whole is a chicken.
It's soft shiny hair!
It's ruined!
It's all ruined!
The stone under the waterfall washes is very slippery, coupled with the pressure of the waterfall washed down, the hundred red makeup almost did not stand the whole person was washed out more than a dozen meters away.
The body hit the stone, and there was a pain in the heart.
However, the red makeup does not seem to feel the pain of the general, continue to go under the waterfall.
The end is still the same, the hundred red makeup body shape has not yet stood, the whole person will be directly hit by the waterfall down.
Stand up again, and the red makeup persists toward the bottom of the waterfall.
Originally complained about the small black and white after seeing the persistence of the hundred red makeup also silently shut up.
In the face of such pain, even the master has not said anything, they are still here crooked is really inappropriate.
The lips of the hundred red makeup have been frozen blue, but that pair of deep as the pool of mules flash bright and firm light, stronger faith in her heart to support her!
She's going to be stronger!
For all the humiliation she has suffered, for her biological parents, for her unyielding pride!
Time and time by the waterfall relentlessly rushed to the distance, again and again to stand up, from beginning to end, the hundred red makeup has not had a half-point shake.
Not far away, the birch saw such a hundred red makeup, the heart rose a strong admiration. "The princess is too persistent. "
He has followed from an early age in the side of the young Lord, watching the young Lord through a thousand hardships, the people only see the young Lord's glorious side, only their own know how much less Lord suffered in the end.
There are also not young senothes around them, but it is rare to practice as hard as the princess.
The eyes of the Emperor Beibei flashed the light of appreciation, from the first understanding of the hundred sledging red makeup, he knew that this woman has a tough heart.
This is his first time to see the hundred-mile red makeup practice, from that unwavering eyes, he seems to see the original self.
They are willing to fight people, in order to improve their own strength at all costs.
Perhaps it is for this reason that she will want to be nice to a woman for the first time.
"This short time, the princess is a lot of injuries, do we want to help?" The birch is a little impatient.
"Even if you go, what can you do for her?" 
Blackwood faintly, thought for a moment but had to admit that they could not help anything.
"The practice is their own insistence, although others can point a few points, but ultimately to rely on their own. "
Dibei lips slightly up, "more importantly, the heart of the hundred red makeup has long had a refining method." 
It was not until nightfell that the red make-up came out of the waterfall.
The body had been frozen stiff, and the hot pain was spreading, making her frown.
Not far from the waterfall is a shallow cave that used to be a monster's nest, but now it's empty, and it's perfect for her to rest.
Into the nest, the hundred red makeup this is carefully measured the body's injuries.
Shoulders have been hit by the river iron green, both hands and feet are in the process of being washed out to the collision to a bruise, some places are seeping blood.
In just one day, she was literally covered in bruises.
"The quality of the body is really poor". Baili red makeup sighed, want to completely lift the speed of this body, only afraid that it will take a lot of time.
Just then, the sound of the emperor suddenly came in from outside the cave.
Baili red makeup slowly out of the cave, only to see the emperor is smiling at himself, but the birch is not beside him.
"Why are you here?" 
She noticed that the Emperor Beiji later himself practiced, but they said that the practice of the time do not disturb each other.
"This is for you." Dibei Yu handed a delicate white porcelain bottle to the hundred seine red makeup, "the body strength to play to the extreme and then serve this Dan, to improve physical fitness and repair have great benefits." 
Listen to, baili red makeup with white porcelain bottles in front of the Emperor Bei, shaking, "Thank you!" 
"Then you have a good rest, don't hold on." 
Dibei admonished a word and left, and he and the birch also found a cave not far away.
If there is a movement here in the lily red makeup, they can also find it for the first time.
Look at the shadow of the emperor's disappearance in the night, the red make-up heart of the hundred rose a touch of warmth.
The state of The Emperor's North Dynasty does not need to come to the wild, stay in the palace of the king of practice can be more comfortable than here, the reason to come here is entirely for her safety.
So far, Dibei should be the only one who has paid so much for her safety.
Back in the cave, Baili red makeup will be di bean gave her the dan medicine out.
This look, baili red makeup immediately recognized the name of the drug, "This is seven Baodan." 
Seven Baodan, for low-grade practitioners have a huge role, than Pei Yuandan effect is better.
Seven Baodan's herbs are very precious, baili red makeup previously also want to refine out for their own use.
Only in the royal city's medicinal shop asked one side can not make enough to refine the seven baodan's herbs, so she can only refine the effect of a slightly inferior Pei Yuandan.
Didn't expect the hands of the Emperor Beiyu actually have seven Baodan, and this number is quite a lot!
With these seven Baodan, her training speed can be said to be more than half the effort!
Without hesitation to take out a seven-bao dan suit, the hundred red makeup will close the mule into the state of practice.
When the yuan force to consume the majority of the time to swallow the medicine, the effectiveness of dan medicine can be maximized to play out, but few practitioners can use up the yuan force.
Baili red makeup wearing a long white dress, the wind blowing, clothes floating, with that cold dust temperament, as if stepping in the clouds, moving.
The golden sunshine sprinkled on her body, spread a layer of gold, more noble and bright.
This exquisite to the extreme of the five officials unassailable, each action is permeable elegance, giving a kind of beauty to enjoy.
"For a while, the princess seemed to be more beautiful. "
I do not know who took the lead in feeling a cry, the crowd can not help but nod together.
They also feel that the more bright and beautiful red makeup, the crown of the first beauty of the imperial city only she can be worthy!
"No wonder His Highness the Prince will regret, such a big beauty on the hand to let people, in exchange for who can not regret."
This words undoubtedly speak to all men's voice, if you can be with such a beautiful woman together, even if ten years less they are willing to ah.
Although the bristle red makeup and the dibei bean wedding has been a period of time, but baili red makeup has always been the most attention of the city.
Previously they only heard that the hundred-mile red makeup is a waste that can not be practiced, coupled with the subsequent blindness, can be called an absolute tragic figure.
No one paid attention to the appearance of the hundred-mile red make-up, but since the hundred red makeup appeared in their vision, she was like a round of sunshine, covering up all the other noble lady's light.
They know this, the original practice of waste material can also be popular.
Listen to the people's talk, hundreds of jade eyes deep jumping jealous flame, "wow! "
Bai LiXuan is also looking at the hundred-mile red makeup, because the hundred red makeup broke his arm, until now the injury has not fully recovered, this time the royal hunting game is destined to be with him.
Originally he was going to get a good performance in the royal hunting race to win glory for the general's palace, those should belong to his honor is completely destroyed by the hundred red makeup!
"Sister, you must help me avege!" "Hundred miles of xuan hand fists, eyes flashing the shadow of the light, the voice is low and cold.
Bai Li Yuyan nodded, mouth corner to pick up a harsh smile, "Yu Xuan, you rest assured that your sister will help you revenge!"
Whether it's for you or for myself!
This time, they must be the hundred red makeup completely stifled!
To this end, they are well prepared, as long as the hundred red makeup came, will die no doubt!
Under the eyes of the people, baili red makeup flat into the ranks, whether she or the emperor of the North Dynasty and the minister in the hall of communication very poor.
In addition to watching the hilarious of these people is her enemy, she simply did not care about the point.
"Hundred seine red makeup, then the moment to protect your master did not come?" "Bai LiYuYan asked, "It should not be to know their legs disabled so dare not come?"
This word out, people have looked to baili yu Yan and baili red makeup, the contradiction between the sisters can never stop, sure enough, this meeting bailiyu Yan has been the first to pick things.
Their hearts are also very confused, it is reasonable to say that today's Emperor Beiyu should come with the hundred red makeup is, how can only a person of hundred seine red makeup?
Baili red makeup faintly glanced at the hundred-mile jade face, sneered: "Ugly eight strange, I said let you not come out to scare, how do you just not listen?"
An understatement of a sentence but poked the pain of a hundred miles of jade Yan!
Until now the scar on her face has not been half improved, but as the time goes on, she gradually also get used to a few points, but hundreds of red makeup such a speech is too unkind!
"Hundred seine red makeup, I can't come out to scare and you have anything to do with it!"
The hundred jade face can hardly hide the color of anger, this woman can speak to make people angry and half dead.
"What does it have to do with you when or not the Emperor's North come?" "Hundred red makeup sneered, " as far as you look, my family can not see, you do not want to delusion. "
Listen to the words of the hundred-mile red makeup, the eyes of the people to baili yu Yan can not help but change a few points, is the bailiyu Yan on the Emperor Beiyan also have ideas?
Prior to Xuanxuan is the fiancee of baili red makeup, Baili Yuyan on the snatchxuan.
Now baili red makeup married to the emperor, baili yuYan will rob the emperor bee?
Look at the contemptuous eyes of the people, the face of the hundred red makeup suddenly changed, "I have no idea of the emperor north! "Then you ask?"
Baili red makeup look light, from beginning to end are understated the appearance, on the contrary, is the appearance of baili YuYan that jump foot makes people doubt.
All face to face, this hundred miles of jade is really not a hundred red makeup opponents, this is their own initiative to provoke but by the hundred red makeup anti-taunting.
Baili Yuyan is like a jumping ugly duckling, and baili red makeup is the real noble.
Feel the onlookers gradually change the eyes, the face of the hundred jade face is very ugly, she has always wanted to get back from the body of the hundred-mile red makeup, but each time it seems to be unable to please.
"Sister, why do you have too much nonsense with her, this waste will be a shame when!"
Baili Yu Yan nodded slightly, and then turned his head with a cold snort.
She can't fight hundreds of red makeup on the skin of her mouth, but when she's going to hunt for a while she has the means to make the hundred red makeup gimmicks beg for mercy.
Baili red make-up mouth corner smile unchanged, disdained to look at the Baili Xuan, "the defeat will be what qualifications to put the word."
This remark, the face of Bai LiXuan instantly difficult to see the extreme, this matter is his heart pain.
From small to large, he never put the hundred red makeup in the eyes, this waste in his hands is a dead road.
However, this time he actually lost in the hands of the hundred red makeup, even the waste can not beat, does it not mean that he is more waste than waste?
"Baili red makeup, the last time you are just opportunistic, this time you will die very ugly!" "Hundred Miles Xuan gritted his teeth, he really regret skilled the original did not directly kill the baili red makeup!"
All face to face, this hundred miles of red makeup and the general's palace of people are really completely turned over, even in front of so many people also have no scruples.
As the crowd was talking, the emperor, the queen and the princes walked slowly over the moon, diverting attention.
It was not until the Queen sat down on the main stage that she laughed: "Today is the day of the royal hunting race, I hope the younger generation can have a good performance!"
San Xuan mainland, practice is the mainstream, at this moment standing in front of him these juniors are most likely to be the middle-class column of the future dynasty, so he attaches great importance to.
The young children present were filled with excitement as they raced for the royal family.
If they can get a good performance here and even be appreciated by the emperor, then their future is bright.
"The man who won the royal hunt today will be able to get a beast! "
The next moment, the words of the heavens like in the calm lake into a stone, a wave.
The crowd couldnot help but stare at the eyes and looked excitedly at the heavens.
Beast pet, that is every practitioner dream ah!
On the sanxuan continent, there are monsters that are captured by humans at an early age and contracted in a contractual manner that will become the most faithful partners of mankind in the future.
People's mind, beast favorite is the most trustworthy.
Different levels of animal favorite strength are different, but the beast's pet is precious and rare, ordinary people simply can not have, even the official children can not have.
It was for this reason that when the heavens uttered the beast's pet, everyone's breathing was short.
The eyes of the belle red make-up also changed a few points, each of the royal hunts in the first three will have a reward, but such an expensive prize is the first time.
She is also very interested in this beast pet, the first must be hers!
Feel the hot eyes of the crowd, Xuan Xuan's smile in the corner of the mouth of the sky expanded a few points, he wanted such an effect.
This time the royal hunt is slightly different from usual and must inspire the potential of the younger generation!
You know, there are others here who are also paying attention to this royal hunting game.
"In addition to the first prize will be the beast favorite, the second will get a bone wash dan, the third can get a cloud lotus. "
With the sun and sky every word fell, the eyes of the people will be more fiery a few points.
"This time the reward is extremely rich!"
Such a rich reward is the first time I see. "
"It's good luck to be a practitioner in this royal hunt!"
People can not help but be envious, I do not know who can be in the royal hunting race to become the top three, such reward is really enviable!
Baili Yuyan face can not hide the color of excitement, she felt this time is a god-given opportunity.
Li Wei, who has been competing with her, was unable to compete because of the beating, and the other practitioners, although they are good, still have a certain gap compared with her.
Belle red makeup now seems to be able to practice, but definitely not her opponent.
So in addition to Xuanxuan, at least the second place must fall in her hands!
Although some eye-catching first-place can get the beast's favorite, but if the first is Xuanxuan, she can also accept.
Xuan Xuan since came to the hunting ground has been the line of sight has been concentrated in the body of the hundred red makeup, a period of time not seen, hundred salil red makeup more and more bright people.
Does she really like Emperor Bei?
Because i like the emperor, so married will become more beautiful.
With this in mind, a kind of crazy displeasure and jealousy spread in the heart of Xuanxuan, this is the woman he looked at but was taken away by the waste of the Emperor Beiqi!
"Master, the guy seems to have been staring at you. Little Black couldn't help but come out of the channel.
It's hard to keep an unobtrusored look at it without attention, but she has no interest in Xuanxuan and let him go.
Little black smiled, "The charm of the master is really not."
Xuan Xuan yu sky glanced at the young people present, then put their eyes on Li Chengqian's body, through some doubts.
"Li Yu-san, why don't you see Li Wei?"
As a future princess, Li will be more lauded if she can perform well in this royal hunt.
When Xuan Xuan Said this, the faces of the people are full of look sings.
At this moment is the most sensitive time, Li Chengqian only afraid of a long time long to take a breath to give a lesson to the baili red makeup and the Emperor Bei, just happened to ask the emperor, he can also take advantage of the opportunity.
Sure enough, Li Chengqian's face immediately burst into anger, a pair of mules in the anger is hate to burn up the hundred seine red makeup.
"It's time to ask the princess!" Li Chengqian cold channel.
Listen to, XuanXuan Yutian looked at the hundred miles of red makeup.
Before the hundred-mile red makeup and Li Wei in the neon square there is a conflict he was slightly heard, now what happened?
"Li Yixiang, this is a straight statement, you do not understand what it means. "
Belle red makeup looks light, even know that Li Chengqian will take advantage of the attack, she did not care.
See the attitude of the hundred red makeup, Li Chengqian's eyes hate even more.
"The emperor, today's king and princess is simply no one in sight, yesterday in the king's hands actually shot and hurt the dragonfly."
"It's not that i don't want to take part in the royal hunting competition, but the injury is very serious, it is not able to participate." Li Chengqian said the more excited, "The emperor, you must be for the better justice ah!"
Xuan Yutian and Jiang Yuying after hearing about this matter have changed a few points, from Li Chengqian such an attitude they know this matter is true, but has been reclusive emperor Beiyi why suddenly changed attitude?
They are aware of the original identity of the Emperor Bei, but these three years, the Emperor Beiji has been low-key, they also feel that the Emperor's North Dynasty back hopeless, and therefore the attitude towards the Emperor Beitou more and more indifferent.
At this moment, the di bean suddenly changed the attitude of the past, is it just because you want to protect the hundred seine red makeup? Or... He's got the capital to go back?
Thinking of the latter possibility, Xuan Xuan And Jiang Yuying are both heart-shaking.
"Princess Yu, can this matter be taken as Li Said?"
Xuan asked in silence. Li Chengqian in the wind and bo country's extraordinary status, the future is the future of the country, but the red makeup is the wife of Emperor Bei, identity is also not simple.
The bottom of the red make-up eye is full of sarcastic light, and asked: "Li Yi xiang to avoid the weight on the light, why not say why you come to the Palace?"
This remark, the crowd can not help but look at Li Chengqian curiously, until now they are very curious why Li Chengqian to take Li Wei to the Palace, which is really strange.
Li Chengqian's face changed a few points, he had been for Li Wei can not participate in the royal hunting competition and find a reason.
Although he was ashamed and angry about Li's injury yesterday, he just found an excellent reason.
He did not know why the matter would be introduced into the ears of so many people, since it has been hidden to simply say it.
Neither the position of emperor Norda nor baili red make-up can be compared with him, in the past few years, the attitude of the emperor to the emperor, he believes that the emperor will certainly stand on his side.
"A few days ago, the dragonfly and the princess made some contradictions, I took the dragonfly to the palace to want to lift the grievances of which, did not expect the princess to say nothing less, the king is sent to hurt the dragonfly."
"The acts of the emperor and the princess are too much!"
A word, Li Chengqian said the general, as if the hundred red makeup and the Emperor Beiyu did a big reverse thing.
In the face of Li Chengqian's accusations, the smile in the corner of the red beak expanded a few points, but the light is more and more disdain.
"When that's said, doesn't Li feel red?"
"I'm telling the truth, why blush!" Li Chengqian did not pretend to be a color.
Baili red makeup looked at the onlookers at a glance, "Li Yixiang may wish to ask everyone, you said anyone believe it?"
The crowd bowed their heads, and in fact they didn't believe what Li Chengqian said.
To Li Chengqian and Li Wei's sex, do not let the Emperor Beiyu and Baili red makeup head apology has been good, but also personally door-to-door to resolve the contradiction, how is it possible?
Looking at the appearance of the crowd, Li Chengqian's face is very ugly, "What do you mean by this?"
"Justice is at ease. "Beryne red makeup eyebrows, "Since you have picked out this matter, then I do not mind telling the truth. "
"The emperor, yesterday Li Yuxiang and Li Wei came to the Palace has been speaking out, the finger to make me help cure the disease, and then even more to sneer at the king is your illegitimate son. "
It was for this reason that the king was angry that he moved his hand. "
All along, the news that the emperor is the illegitimate son of Xuanxuan is circulating in the dark.
Although Xuan Xuan Yutian has also heard, but no one dares to say it clearly, at this moment the hundred seine makeup actually said it directly?
Xuan's eyebrows were wrinkled, "Is this matter serious?"
"Royal, you can't listen to her talk!"
Li Chengqian hastened to excuse, if this is sat down, then his position will also be in jeopardy ah!
"Baili red makeup is entirely to shirk responsibility to say so, Emperor Mingguan!"
"The emperor, Li Wei face disease when Li Wei xiang has been hiding the news, today only in order to continue to hide this will be the responsibility to my body, as long as the emperor went up to the palace to see."
Belle red make-up changed, as early as yesterday after this incident, she expected this scene to happen today.
Li Chengqian's self-holding position is certain to pass all the responsibility to her, but in addition to the queen only afraid that no one knows the true identity of the emperor, so, with the rise of the emperor, Li Chengqian's status can not be compared with him!
See bailired red makeup is justified, people are biased towards baili red makeup, after all, these days Li Wei never appeared in front of the public is too suspicious.
Li Chengqian's face instantly became difficult to look, according to his idea, the emperor should not listen to the explanation of the hundred red makeup, but the situation is very different from what he imagined.
Li Chengqian also want to defend a bit, once the emperor really sent people to see the government, then this secret can no longer be covered up!
"The matter will be discussed after the royal hunting match, " he said. "
The next day, just after the day, baili red makeup went out of the cave.
After a night of practice, yesterday's sore body has been a little better.
Although there is still a little pain, but completely within her tolerance.
Through the take of seven Baodan, she obviously felt the body's meta-force than in the past more than a few points, this is the strength of the promotion!
The line of sight swept away, baili red makeup did not find the emperor and the birch, but did not continue to look for, but continued to go to the waterfall under the practice.
Now she is a race against time, in order to achieve good results in the royal hunting competition, she must be promoted as soon as possible.
The reason for doing well in royal hunting is to wash the name of waste, on the one hand, and on the other hand, because every royal hunt has a wealth of rewards.
The reward at this royal hunting competition happens to have what she needs, and it can't be let go!
With yesterday's experience, baili red makeup again training time can be more time, but also only a few seconds, body shape is washed out again.
Although it is a few short seconds, the heart of the hundred red makeup is also happy, as long as there is progress, one day she will complete the body quenching!
Time, like a white gap, a moment. Belle red makeup every day will be their own training to exhaust before stopping practice, at night in the cave to take seven baodan to practice.
In such almost perverted training, the progress of the belle red makeup is also very fast.
Coupled with the strangeness of her practice, the speed of her practice even the Emperor Beiji was shocked.
Even with the help of Seven Baodan, it is reasonable to say that the strength of baili red makeup can not be raised so quickly.
Beech has been admired for the hundred red makeup five body cast, originally thought that baili red makeup adhere to the first day is easy, every day adhere to it is more difficult.
Never thought that the day is longer than the previous day, as if do not feel pain and despair in general.
If they can also have hundreds of red makeup such perseverance, presumably the strength will be a few points to improve it again.
Every day, the emperors and birchs hunt different monsters and bring them back, and roast the meat as a meal.
The craft of the wood barbecue is unexpectedly good, every day hundreds of red makeup can eat a meal, not to mention the flesh and blood of the beast is full of abundant energy, for her to replenish the physical strength has a huge benefit.
Although do not know whether the Emperor Beiyu is deliberate, but the heart of the hundred red makeup is very grateful to the Emperor Bei.
Of course, it's in the case that this guy doesn't mouth down.
Finally, the royal hunting competition is about to start, the three people in the red makeup also set out the day before.
Through this period of practice, baili red makeup clearly feel their own changes.
Although the body is still thin, but the strength is far from comparable, muscles more condensed, even the skin has become more shiny.
Under the big complement of the monster meat, more than ten years of malnutrition problem has been completely improved, all over the body are emitting a bright luster, even the strength is much stronger than the original.
In the afternoon, baili red makeup and Emperor Beiyu this only returned to the palace.
After ten days of life in the wild, returnto the palace only feel a kind of indescribable intimacy.
Li Chengqian's family recently for Li's freckles things sad.
See the bereavement red makeup is slow to return, they have been looking for a lot of doctors, get the same results.
"Sir, tomorrow is the day when the royal hunting competition begins, and the child is also going to participate, how can she face His Highness the Prince with her appearance?" 
Zhao Wei worried, these days the government is indeed blocked the news, but tomorrow is still hidden.
Li Chengqian's face is very ugly, "tomorrow's royal hunting competition is about to start, hundred salil red makeup they should also come back, they do not participate in the royal hunting game?" 
"What's not possible about that?" Zhao Wei sighed.
"The hundred red make-up is the body of waste, to participate in the royal hunting game has no meaning, the king is the legs disabled, how to participate in the hunting game?" 
Listening to Zhao's words, Li Chengqian's face was even more ugly.
"If that is the case, then tomorrow will only allow the children to pretend to be ill, and in any case not to let the emperor and the prince know about it." 
"I've been preparing for the royal hunt for a long time. "
Li Wei depressed, the biennial royal hunting competition, in order to show great luster in the hunting competition, she also took a Pei Yuandan, and now should lose the arm with this opportunity.
"Don't you want to see the prince with this look!" Li Chengqian's voice is cold.
How many years he waited to wait for Li Wei to change the phoenix opportunity, must not be lost in the present!
Just when Li Chengqian for this matter and bored, the housekeeper hurriedly rushed over, "Sir, good news!" 
"There's good news at this point!" Zhao Wei's stuffy channel.
"Sir, the king and the princess are back, just returned to the palace!" 
The housekeeper was overjoyed, but he was in accordance with the master's command to send people at all times staring at the princess, once the king and princess came back immediately to inform the news back.
This words out, Li Chengqian three people can not be uncanted, and then the eyes bloomed a strong light.
Waiting for so long, it was the day before the royal hunting race waiting for the hundred red makeup back!
As long as the hundred red makeup can cure Li Wei's face today, then everything will be safe.
Think of this, Li Chengqian three hearts are unstoppable excitement!
Li Chengqian immediately sent someone to prepare a carriage, with Li Wei on the way to the Palace of the King, now this matter is not a delay at all.
Baili red makeup back to the house just ready to take a break, then heard the next people reported to come.
Hearing the news, Baili red makeup picked up the eyebrows, the corners of the mouth outlined the arc of ridicule.
It seems that in these days when she left, Li Wei's life was not easy.
At the same time, Dibei also came to the house, "Li Chengqian came, named to see you, how? To play with them? "
Listen to the words of Emperor Bei, baili red make-up chuck lips smile: "The big people to visit, we naturally want to see a see." 
Dibei looked to the sight of the hundred red makeup, he had previously known what Li Chengqian was because of the Wangfu.
He said that the lily red makeup is not a loss of sex, the original Neon Square after the such thing happened.
Baili red makeup and The North Dynasty did not rush to the front room, Li Chengqian's heart has been full of anger.
He is when the Dynasty, the future is the country of the wind, emperor beiji and baili red makeup dare to let him wait!
"The emperor and the princess are really busy. "
Li Chengqian is not salty satire, although there is no direct anger, but the red makeup and the emperor is not stupid people, naturally can hear the words hidden in the anger.
"I don't know what Li Weixiang is looking for us for?" 
Dibei looked calm, as if did not feel Li Chengqian's anger in general, open the door to the mountain road.
Li Chengqian's eyes flashed a moment of surprise, Dibeiyu has always had no status, according to reason should be sincere fear is.
But now the Emperor Beibei opened an opening there is an amazing momentum diffused, even gave him a heavy pressure.
It is because of this pressure, Li Chengqian also did not continue to make trouble, said: "Today I came to find the princess to help." 
The face on a touch of doubt, baili red makeup asked: "Looking for me?" 
Look at the hundred red makeup that no more natural look, Li Chengqian heart also some drumming, is this matter really and baili red makeup has nothing to do with?
He had been observing the reaction of the belle red makeup when he asked this, and if it was really a matter of lily red makeup, she should not have been so well disguised.
"The little girl's face has recently started to grow a spot for no reason, hoping that the princess can heal some." Li Chengqian slowly walked.
Although in the request for hundreds of red makeup to help, but Li Chengqian face is still full of pride.
In his capacity to come like this, the hundred red makeup is not cured!
Baili red make-up mouth corner if there is no shallow smile, look at Li Chengqian behind Li Wei, the voice with a provocative meaning.
"Miss Lee came to ask me for healing?" Li Wei came to the Palace of Wangben is a hundred do not want, before she also against the hundred seine red makeup demonstration, and now to ask for hundreds of red makeup help, this does not mean their own face?
"Please?" Li Wei heard the provocative question of the hundred-mile red makeup, and a face instantly red, "You dream!" 
Belle red makeup sneer, "Then please go back, I have other things to be busy." 
Belle red makeup posture lazy, between words show inattentive state, in fact, since she chose to give Li Wei medicine there is no intention to give her treatment.
She was never a kind-hearted person, and she had to be prepared to pay the price!
Li Yu, she did not expect Li Chengqian's presence, hundred salil red makeup also dare to be so arrogant!
"Belle red makeup, you know who I am! How dare you refuse me! "
Li Chengqian's face is equally gloomy down, this hundred miles of red makeup is really not known!
Baili red make-up mouth corner blooming the smile of the demon, "Li Wei, you will only say this sentence?" 
Clear with impatient light, baili red makeup feel that Li Wei is really a brainless grass bag, all day will only hold the identity to bully others, in addition to no use at all.
"Bold! "Li Cheng qian angry, "Baili red makeup, I am a cousin! Do you know what's wrong with me? "
The smile in the corner of the red make-up mouth of baili, the voice is like cold and bitter.
"Well, I'm also a princess, how can you take me?" 
"Do it directly if you have the means, don't say a bunch of crap here, I don't bother to listen!" 
As soon as this remark came out, Li Chengqian was even more furious.
To his current status, to the church who saw him is not a courtesy three points, this hundred red makeup dare to call him board! It's just death!
"Hundred seine red makeup, you don't think you have become a princess on the proud, the king is just a do not spoil the illegitimate son, you count what?" Li Chengqian roared.
The anxious Li Chengqian also can not care about these, directly roared out, the news that the emperor is the illegitimate son of Xuanxuan is almost all the default, but no one has clearly raised it.
When Li Chengqian shouted this out, the red makeup of Baili clearly felt a suffocating low pressure coming from the side.
"Do you know what you're talking about?" 
The cold depression slowly came out, the eyes of the emperor is sweeping the storm of terror, like a black hole in general exudes amazing power.
Li Chengqian stopped, and after saying this, he regretted it. Even if this is true, but related to the royal face can not be said, if passed to the crown where he can be bad luck.
Feeling the cold eyes of the Emperor Beiyan, Li Chengqian only felt as if he had been caught by a flood beast in general, the whole person even breathing became difficult to get up.
Eyes gradually stared, Li Chengqian looked at the Emperor in shock.
Before he only thought that the Emperor Beiji was a disabled man with no half-use, never thought he would have such a terrible side.
Hidden, he actually felt that the Emperor's Emperor was more frightening than the Emperor.
How is that possible!
Li Chengqian was surprised by his own feelings, but such a momentum really makes people inexplicable, why on earth since the emperor became a relative, as if completely changed a person?
See the emperor dare to threaten Li Chengqian, Li Wei angry channel: "You a disabled also dare to threaten my father, you count something!" 
Don't wait for Li Wei voice to speak, baili red makeup will hear a huge sound out, and then heard Li Wei crazy screams.
Because just when Li Wei said that, the wood did it!
A simple and brutal punch blasted Li Wei out of the front room and smashed the gate into the yard.
The eyes of the beech flashing the glow of excitement, every time in the past three years someone verbally insulted the less Lord when he hated not to directly kill each other, but the young Master has kept him to bear.
Today the young Lord let him do it! From this attitude alone he understood that less major action, no longer as before as insufferable, the thought of this, his heart can not help but be excited.
Li Chengqian is also shocked by the previous scene, all this happened between electric light and stone fire, he did not even react to what happened, Li Wei has been seriously injured.
"Dibei, you're done!" 
Li Cheng qian face difficult to see the extreme, he could hardly believe that the scene is real, has been bullied by the Emperor Beiyi dare to shoot his daughter?
"Old bastard, I'll give you a chance, and if you don't roll now, I don't mind letting you fly out." 
Dibei looked faint, understated the appearance of like he was going to go out is just a dog!
"Good! Good! "
"Get out of here! "
Li Chengqian hurriedly left the front room, dragging Li Wei on the outside of the palace, the heart secretly vowed to retaliate against the two people in the north.
Belle red make-up willow eyebrows slightly pick, the scene in front of the wonderful degree is beyond her expectations.
"Mother, for the husband but for you a breath?" 
A turn of face, the face of Emperor Beiyu hung a sign of the evil smile, smiling at the hundred miles of red makeup.
Baili red makeup can not help but for the speed of the face change of Thei Bei, "I see you are for their own breath." 
Having said that, the smile at the bottom of the red make-up eye of the hundred is gradually deepening, from the behavior of the Emperor Bei, she has realized the intention of the Emperor Bei.
Jinlin is not a pool of things, a change in the wind and clouds.
Dibei is never a man in the small wind bo country, with the cure of his leg disease, his inner ambition is also time to start to show!
The two talked and laughed all the way back to their houses, no one mentioned Li Chengqian two people, in fact, they never took Li Chengqian in the eyes.
The moon is deep and the cool wind is like water.
Moonlight Clear through the window sill into the house sprinkled on the window of the emperor's body, beautiful face through the color of contemplation. "Less Lord. "
The wood stood straight behind him and walked the salute.
Dibei did not turn around, just lookated at the sky on the next round of curved moon, eyes hazy, "everything is ready?" 
Beech nodded slightly, "Back to the Lord, are ready." 
"Tomorrow I will leave the country, you will protect red makeup in the dark, no matter what, be sure to protect her. "
"Blackwood understands!" 
Looking at that strong posture, birch eyes gradually change, less Lord to the hundred miles of girls really different.
The most annoying thing about the Lord is the fetters, so that no one has entered the hearts of the Less Lord over the years.
All this has changed since the appearance of the bailiese girl, and the Less Lord even left him, thus showing the importance that the Less Lord attaches to the bailiese girl.
As soon as the emperor waved, the birch retreated, and tomorrow the young Lord would leave, presumably there were still many words to say to the hundred-mile girl.
Baili red makeup is in the house practice, suddenly heard a movement outside the door, The Emperor Beiyu has directly pushed the door to come in.
"Won't you knock on the door before you come in?" Hundred red makeup speechless, in case she is changing clothes or something is not directly bumped by the Emperor Bei?
Dibei yan rushed to the hundred red makeup ambiguous smile, "you are already my mother, but also see what to do outside?" 
"It doesn't seem like a good thing to be outside. "
Baili red makeup eyebrows, from the table sat down poured a cup of tea, "come to me so late?" 
Dibei convergence a little to laugh the color, staring at the face of the hundred red makeup, slowly said: "Tomorrow I will leave." 
Belle red makeup eyes changed a few points, although she had expected the emperor will leave, but at the moment heard the heart is still a tremor.
Baili red makeup light should be a sound, a pretty face look as usual, as if not to put this matter on the heart.
Even though the hundred-mile red makeup is very well covered up, Dibei yu still saw her eyes a flash of the waves, the bottom of the eyes opened a little warm.
Dibei yan in the hundred red makeup next to sit down, as deep as the sea's mule gazed at the hundred red makeup black eyes, look serious: "I left, you take good care of themselves, do not let themselves hurt." 
Baili red makeup would like to laugh at the emperor's two sentences, but after seeing the fear and concern at the bottom of the eyes of the emperor, the words will be born stuck in the throat, can no longer say.
"I'll be back as soon as possible." 
"Very strong!" 
Small black and white answer with the same voice so that the more certainty of their own guess, Dibei is at most three years older than her, but the strength is so strong, can see the high training talent.
Even the famous genius of feng bo country is far from comparable, which can only prove that the Emperor's North Isnot Simple! "Just, what about that guy? "
Belle red makeup shrugged and went into the medicine shop instead.
Wan medicine square, the largest in the imperial city of medicinal shops, the medicine is complete, basically the need for medicinal herbs can be found here.
As soon as I walked in, baili red makeup smelled the oncoming fragrance of herbs, immediately judged which kinds of medicinal scent.
Baili red bead with a shallow smile, a sense of familiarity will surround her, before her favorite study is medical skills, year-round immersion of this road, so at this moment to see feel unusually familiar.
Wan medicine shop cabinet Ji Wenbin is finishing the medicine, after seeing baili red makeup closed eyes only with the fragrance of medicine to say the name of the medicine, the face appeared amazing color.
"Girl really good, the medicine judgment is not bad!" Ji Wenbin exclaims.
He has been taking care of the medicinal material sand sand all the year round, and after months he has practiced the knowledge of medicinal herbs, the girl in front of her is only fifteen years old can judge it, how can it not be surprising?
Baili red makeup smile, "the palm cabinet has been the prize." 
"I wonder how a girl knows so much about herbs when she is young?" 
Ji Wenbin curiously looked at the hundred-mile red makeup, he has always preferred herbs, at this moment to see the deep pharmacology of the bailired makeup also feel the same.
Looking at Ji Wenbin that excited appearance, baili red makeup know that this palm cabinet is a drug-obsessed person, such a question is just a bit of curiosity.
"I studied pharmacology from an early age, so I knew a lot about it. Belle red makeup smiled.
"So, is the girl a doctor?" 
Baili red make-up first light, confirmed Ji Wenbin's guess.
In the previous world, several of her elders like to study pharmacology, so she also mixed all day in the medicine, and then got the true biography of your elders, young and have the name of god doctor.
She has always been quite confident in her medical skills.
Ji Wenbin's eyes marvel even more, this girl so young has been a doctor, the future achievements must be even less simple.
"What does the girl want to buy?" See baili red makeup looking at the medicine in the counter, Ji Wenbin asked, "I have always been complete in the medicine, the vast majority of herbs I have here."
Baili red makeup light smile, looking at the herbs and the price, but quietly on the color of doubt.
"How come this price is so unreasonable?"
Dai mei slightly, baili red makeup did not say the words to speak out, since the million medicine square so clearly marked price, presumably will not be wrong, is a thousand years later and a thousand years ago the pharmaceutical market difference so much?
White dew grass and fairy in the past clearly is the cheapest medicinal material, but here the price actually increased tenfold, on the contrary, some prices should be slightly higher herbs, here is unusually low, it is too strange.
Earth, the sight of the hundred red makeup stayoned on a piece of herbs, the whole body of green herbs on the flashing star dot of the white light, like the stars in general, this is the star grass!
Dibei's voice is slightly dull, the sight of the eyes glued to the face of the hundred-mile red makeup is not instantaneous, as if want to be the appearance of the hundred red makeup deeply imprinted in their own minds.
This sentence is like a promise that he will solve the matter as soon as possible.
The air has ambiguous feelings in the spread, hundred seine red makeup face through a naked nature, the performance of the Emperor Beiyu at this moment is too easy to make people want to crook.
Baili red makeup out channel, "your leg disease although cured, but the physique has not changed, the need for heaven and earth treasure I will list a list to you, if met will be put away, useful later."
Dibei mouth corner open light smile, just that moment he clearly noticed the hundred red makeup cheeks on the red, obviously she is shy will deliberately shift the topic. "Okay. "
Dibei like a smile not to laugh, shy baili red makeup is too cute.
Belle red makeup moved the line of sight, she understood the sharpness of the Emperor Bei, must have long since found their own changes, simply no longer look at him.
"This is for you."Dibei Yu will be handed to the hands of the hundred red makeup, " inside there are some refining resources, for your current stage is very useful". "No."
Belle red makeup out of the speech refused, she is not short of money, some training resources can also prepare their own.
However, the hundred red makeup words just said was rejected by the Emperor North.
"Take it, I know you can solve it yourself, but some of the training resources that you may not be able to buy even if you want to buy them. "
It is said that the hand of the red makeup pushed down by the bailion suddenly, and then took it down.
She understood that what Dibei said is true, although most things can be bought in Fengbo country, but some rare herbs are very rare.
For example, Baili Yuyan previously wanted to buy Peiyuan Dan there is no way, sometimes even if you have money may not be able to buy their own things.
"Tomorrow's royal hunt, you have to perform well."
Dibei eyes in the depths of a trace of regret, originally wanted to accompany the hundred red makeup together to participate in the royal hunting competition, but now can not continue to stay.
He has been waiting for three years for this, so he can't continue to delay.
Belle red makeup eyebrows, "I have nothing to worry about when I get out of the horse? Just take good care of yourself. "
She understood that there are important things to do, she sincerely hoped that The Emperor bean can succeed, as for herself, why have you feared?
"Is the lady worried about me?"
Belle red makeup has not been refuted, in this parting time, she is indeed worried about the safety of the Emperor Bei.
See the bailiese red makeup so directly admitted that the Emperor Beiyan can not help but hold, and then the handsome face is full of smile, elegant and charming.
"I will certainly follow the mother's words, safe return!"
The next day, the sun was shining and blue.
When bailired makeup came out of the house, The Emperor had left the palace.
Looking at the empty room next door, she could not help but feel a moment of loss, but only for a moment, a bright smile on her face.
Today is when she shows her strength, the so-called name of waste she should have been removed!
The carriage was ready, and the belle red makeup set off for the royal hunting site.
The birch was right behind the hundred red makeup, and at the command of the less Lord, he only needed to protect the safety of the bailiese girl, and at other times he did not need to appear.
Luxia Mountain, located in the eastern part of Fengbo, is located behind the palace, the area is wide and not far away, so every royal hunting game will be held here.
When baili red makeup arrived in The Mountain, far away saw dozens of tents, the flag of the wind and the country is in the air with the wind.
The guards guarded meticulously, while the rings were busy in the tents.
When the carriage of the Wangfu arrived slowly, all the eyes of the present were fixed on it.
Yesterday, Li Chengqian in the Palace of the humiliation of almost everyone's ears, although Li Chengqian as far as possible to block the news, but still by some people concerned about the discovery.
Ever since Li Became the future princess, the family has been in great concern.
It's just that Li Wei, who has always been high-profile in the ordinary days, suddenly began to close his door, something almost everyone thinks is a strange one.
Nai He Li Chengqian such old fox will be all arranged dripping water, people can not see.
Bai Li Yuyan to Li Wei is an unusual concern, after all, Li Wei snatched away her heart and miss the desired position.
Previously, Li Wei always ran to her before proud, now Li Wei suddenly so low-key is definitely not her style.
After her exploration, it is true that a family is closely watching the dynamics of the Wangfu, but also in the Emperor's North and Baili red makeup back to the first time to go to the Palace.
She heard the news immediately rushed to the past, want to understand the origin of it, but saw Li Chengqian dragged Li Wei hurriedly out of the Palace, the blood on the ground clearly showed that Li Wei was injured.
Although I don't understand why Li Chengqian and Li Wei went to the Palace of the King, but Li Wei's injury in the Palace of gongs is a nail in the coffin.
Whether it is Li Wei or baili red makeup are the object of baili Yuyan's disgust, so in the first time she knew this matter she has already spread the matter out.
The future princess was beaten in the palace, and the princess was the princess of the previous term, which was too explosive, and attracted the attention of all.
"Originally I heard that Li Wei in order to get a good performance in the royal game but spent a lot of effort, but did not come today, presumably yesterday in the Palace of the King of the Sun suffered too serious injuries. "
"Whether it is the king or the princess after the generation of a family style has changed, it does not seem to be as good as before bullying. "
"Li Yuxiang has come, this hundred red makeup to one will certainly put on a good play, but also really let people look forward to ah!"
The crowd talked about clouds, eyes are full of excited light, this kind of good play is usually difficult to see ah.
Baili Yuyan is even more excited, this thing is entirely directed by her, the previous baili red makeup that kind of to her, this time she will make baili red makeup is not good.
With a reminder from the next man, the belle red makeup slowly walked down the carriage.
In sight, a huge hunting ground appears in front of her, surrounded by a bright yellow fence, which is full of flamboyantness and dignity.
The royal hunting game is set for three days, the back of the tent is for the rest of the people, this is the beginning of the game, so everyone has gathered in the hunting ground.
The crowd looked at the slow line of red makeup, eyes and not all on the stunning light.
Mr. Di caressed his beard, constantly nodding his head, his face showed a look of praise, listen to me finished, haha laugh, long.
I was startled and hurriedly asked, "Teacher, what's wrong with you, is there not feeling well." 
Mr. Di only gradually closed the smile, shouted three times: "Good, good, good, worthy of my students, long bow, you just analyzed very thoroughly, this matter, the teacher depends on you, tomorrow I will see Prince Keza and those old friends." Old friends, of course, refer to the Dean of the Royal College of Advanced Witches and the Faculty of Advanced Witches, the magical mentor of the Royal College of Advanced Magic, And the Fire Demon Mentor, Sidi Li.
I stood up, bowed deeply to Mr. Dee, and said, "Teacher, I thank you for the people of Aishar." You and a few teachers to join, the two sides on the level, are four magic mentors, so that there is bargaining chips with the other side. "
Mr. Di said: "Silly boy, not four to four, but five to four, don't forget, you are also a magic tutor, this matter you must keep secret, can not say to anyone, you know." By the way, i heard that you beat the Japanese family's grandson to serious injury, is there such a thing? "
So, the day's passing told again. Mr. Di frowned: "You are really stupid, even if he has special magic you should not win so hard ah, don't forget, you are a magic tutor, strength and he has the essential gap." 
I said, "What am I supposed to do?" "
That can greatly increase the intensity of your magic, and, even if you don't use this, what's the use of those large-scale magic on one-on-one, remember which fire ball you and Mark used when they first played against me? Such a good method will not be used, really stupid, to your present appearance, the mainland of ten magic tutors you all play, this is experience, in the future to move more brain in this regard, you are not only my hope, but also the hope of mankind, you understand? The teacher said I had to be a demon mentor.
Yes, how did I not think, I bowed my head and said: "Thank you, teacher, I will certainly strengthen this practice later." 
Miss Dee said, "Don't go today, stay here." 
I laughed: "Okay, I also want to accompany you." 
One night, the next morning, I got back to the Higher School of Magic, before class to find Mark, the good news told him, Mark happy class is not up, ran home to his father to welcome, but also let his father ready to receive Di teacher.
Solved this matter, my heart can not say happy, face full of hidden joy.
Wood looked strangely at me and asked, "What's so happy?" 
I came to her, to the very close to her face, and said, "Because you're not so excluded from me, i'm certainly happy, dreaming of you." 
The wood pushed me away, and said, "Disgusting, stay away from me, not to tell you, we are impossible, you die this heart." 
I then came together, savering: "What is impossible, things are man-made, as long as you like me on the line." How, is not now handsome, windy, Yushu wind, tall and powerful I am fascinated. "
Wood's face red, said: "Who mini ah, away from me pull, this is the classroom, let others see how bad." 
I said with great delight, "That's a good way to get close to you if you're not in the classroom." 
Muzi's face is more red, said: "Disgusting, grasp ingresss, I did not say so, you sit up, to class, today the teacher can take the exam Oh, have you forgotten?" For the first time, the wood showed my little daughter in front of me.
Ah, I did forget, how to do, I grabbed her arm, shaking, pleaded: "Then you quickly save me, or again by that old stubborn scolding pull." 
The wood shook off my hand and turned my head to one side, and said, "Well, self-inflicted, don't help you, who makes you don't usually learn well." 
"Good wood, help me, if it wasn't for you, the old guy wouldn't have been on me." 
Wood took a look at me with the only beautiful big eye on her face, which probably meant to say: You still mean it. Take a piece of paper out of my bag and give it to me.
I am very happy, hurriedly picked up over, unfolded a look, above the dense and dense are distorted small words, haha, there are cheating tools, I make a gesture.
Wood hurriedly flashed away, angry: "What do you do, you are so unreasonable I will never care about you again." 
I was aggrieved and said, "I'm going to express my gratitude to you." Don't be angry next time. "
Muzi sighed, said: "I really can't take you." The teacher is coming, you'll sit down. "
Sure enough, the old man came in with a stack of rolls, glanced at a circle, and then sank: "Today test magic knowledge, I hope everyone is ready." After that, I took a special look.
The volume hair down, wow, are high-level magic knowledge q and a q and so, in fact, these are not very difficult for me, but, two years did not have a proper class, these question and answer kind of knowledge has long been clear, if it is the use of magic is much better, but also have a wooden to prepare me for the small bar.
I put a small strip in front of the classmate's chair, fast over, wooden whispered: "You are too blatant." 
I said, "Don't you have to hand in your head in the exam, don't you know?" Two ears do not hear things outside the window, one heart only to do the case on the book. "
Muzi was obviously surprised by my literary talent, to see her stay in the way I can't help but heart, this is I yesterday from the Prince there in the "Three hundred Tang poems" just saw, only remember this sentence, today used. Ha ha.
I struggled to copy, after a while, feel but addiction, simply put on the paper to copy up.
O'Dr. came to me early in the morning.
"Why come so early, I haven't slept enough?" You're letting me sleep. "
"Get up the long bow, didn't you say to help me improve my wind today?" Get up, get up. "
I held the quilt without him.
"Disgusting, early on don't let people sleep."
I got up. "When I heard him start chanting the mantra I quickly got up from the bed, this boy, so anxious to suffer, I'm all he, hey.
Auld moved quickly in the sack, yes, the boy is progressing really fast, and two months can last nearly an hour in the sack line (of course, i don't have to steal from him with magic. I think of the first few days of his wolf-like, now I want to laugh, Odeh now understand why I went home every day exhausted.
"Boss, I can't stand it. "If I came out with my consent, It would be me who immediately moved to push him back.
"Well, it's time to graduate in a few days, so leave a little more strength." 
Odeh gasped and shrieked in front of me, and a ass did underground. "Boss, am I making rapid progress?" "
In two days we'll take the exam, you think you can get into that college. There are 13 intermediate schools in Senko City, there are two Class A, 4 Class B, the rest are C, D, Class A schools are the best, each year there are several students admitted to the Royal Academy of Magic (the highest school of magic in the country).
"How can you get a B-class, don't you, boss?" 
"I don't know ah, the subjects of the annual graduation exam are not the same, who knows what this year, if the exam escape and defense I can definitely enter the A-class school, if the test attack, then I will be miserable, it must be Class D." In fact, I am not too interested in what college to enter, but my mother said that if I enter the A-class college then give me 5 silver coins a month pocket money, 5 silver coins for me is a great wealth oh!
"Boss, didn't your teacher say you came back before your graduation exam?" The day after the exam, how come he hasn't come back yet. "
"I don't know, he does n'go the best, don't give me a pre-test training I suffered! "
I'm all you. Suddenly a familiar voice sounded.
, Show teacher, you are back, pre-test training is useless, just now I said play, Sisi. "
Looking at the show teacher that stern look, The old o'd do not hand-talk gas turn edified.
"Ood, you skunk, don't let me see you." 
"Long bow! "
"Teacher, I..." I don't know why I now see the old devil is not comfortable, two legs unconsciously began to sieve.
"Long bow ah, full of graduation exam, do you have confidence in yourself?" 
"I can't say well either, " he said. " 
"Silly boy, you are learning light magic, is the only one in recent decades, the school will not test you to attack magic, that is unfair to you ah!" "The teacher's seriousness was even a show of kindness.
"Ah, great, then I'm sure I'll be able to get into Class A." "I jumped up with joy, of course, for the rest of my pocket money. "Your good heart is very strong!"
However, this time I don't want you to take the college graduation exam. "
I asked incredulously.
The teacher's expectation of you is very big, you must work hard ah. The Royal Academy of Secondary Witchcraft and Wizardry is a college of the Royal Academy of Witchcraft and Wizardry, which is home to very talented young people, with one third of the students enrolled in the Royal Academy of Witchcraft and Wizardry every year, and is part of the S-Class College.
? "Don't ah, the Royal Intermediate School of Magic so famous, inside certainly tube the particularly strict, it is not easy to escape the old devil will not just out of the mouth of the tiger and into the wolf's nest.
"Show teacher, my level is OK, people there can be the best talent in the country, my magic is so weak?" 
I quickly pushed away. "Who says your magic is weak, you are the best student I've ever taught, and I haven't tried, how do you know you can't?" "The first time I heard the show teacher compliment me positively, but I have no sense of joy.
"Then I'll go home and talk to my mom and dad, and I'll give you a reply tomorrow." 
"No, I went to your house with you today, and I said to your parents that they would agree." 
No way, let's go. I know mom and dad I know it seems that the capital I went to the order.
Sure enough, Xiu teacher and father and mother said, they are much more excited than I can, after all, their children have hope to enter the best school in the country, that parents are not happy ah.
"But, Mr. Xiu, I heard that to enter the Royal Intermediate School of Magic must have a noble recommendation ah, we are all civilians can let us test?" 
Dad asked a key question. "These you don't care, I've solved, I have a good friend is a son, I let him recommend the long bow. "
Mother suddenly pushed her father.
"Is to smash the pot to sell iron I also let my son go, I went out, our son so out of the way how can we because we buried his talent!" Listen to Dad's righteous words.
"Dad, Mom, you can rest assured that I will be able to take the exam." I said excitedly.
"The long bow is so good. Dad patted me on the head.
"Mr. Wei, you don't have to worry about that, Longbow tuition is all-inclusive. Looking at our family of three puzzled eyes show teacher went on: "I am very love of magic, but my qualifications are too poor, paid another 10 times the effort is only mixed into a big magician, even if I am trying to estimate the most of this life will also be to the wizard, but the long bow is not the same, I found him very talented with light magic, I hope my students can surpass me, to reach the realm of magic tutor, even the magic tutor, long bow, you can not let the teacher down ah. "
Listen to the show teacher's words, mom and dad is of course a thousand thanks, since all the problems have been solved, I have nothing to say, ready to go.
This can be broken, by the old blind old man found, he mouth corner of a hint of adultery smile, to me straight came over, the wood scared dare not look up.
To be caught by him I will be in big trouble, how to do, now the receipt of notes has come too late, dead on death, out of the trick.
I very frankly straight up, look directly at the teacher, and then put the answer paper on the nose to force a blow, and then dashed throw out a parabola thrown into the corner, the old man stared, and finally did not have the courage to pick up the evidence of guilt.
Look at him turned away, I long out of a breath, the heart: good danger, good danger.
The wood next to me is already lying on the table laughing.
I whispered, "Be careful that The Harats got the roll wet." The wood is only forced to bear the smile, raised his head and then began to roll.
I looked at their own volume, because just copied the speed is relatively fast, has written more than 70% of the questions, should be able to pass it smoothly, the rest of the content I casually wrote some, on the meaning of the seat on the back waiting for the class to collect the volume.
Finally stay up to class, the roll received up, I proud lying to the wood said: "This must be no problem, haha, thank you for pulling." How about I treat you to dinner? "
Muzi said: "You just responded so fast, the teacher is almost angry with you, know that you are cheating can not catch the evidence." 
I smiled with pride: "Of course, I reflect first-class Oh, in the end you do not go with me to eat ah." 
Muzi thought, the eyes flashed a sly look, mused: "Well, but, can't eat in the school canteen Oh, I want to go outside to eat." 
I said generously: "No problem, the place with you pick, at noon as soon as we go." 
Muzi said: "This is what you said, you bring more money, I am very delicious." 
I thought to myself: you can eat can compare to me, I am the famous light rice bucket, hey hey, see who has eaten who.
Mouth of course can not say so, I said: "don't worry, make sure that the leader eat well, satisfied." 
Wood smiled and said: "Well, I have not eaten a good meal for a long time, I want to eat a lot of delicious things." 
The first time and Muzi in a very harmonious atmosphere to end the morning class, after school, I followed her out of the college, under her leadership to walk east and west, walked for half a day has not yet reached the destination.
I asked incredulously, "Miss, you are going to take me there." Wood yamed at my mysterious smile, said: "How, but also afraid of my money to kill ah, please eat and ask so much." 
I busy said: "Okay, well, I follow you." "Who am I afraid of as a demon mentor in my church.
The wood took me to a place that looked golden and brilliant. It's like the palace, though I haven't been to the palace. There are a few huge gold words above - the service student at the gate of the blue tide came over and politely asked, "Sir, miss, do you eat?" 
The waiter smiled and said, "Okay, welcome two." 
The service here is good, i guess it will not be too cheap, we followed the waiter into this called bihai tide rise restaurant.
Wow, inside is more luxurious, the floor is covered with expensive long-haired carpet, everywhere brilliant, waiters will take us to the second floor of a window location, for us to pull the chair, said: "Please wait, the waiter full of two to order." 
Finished and went back to his post. Sure enough, not long after, a young and beautiful waitress came over and handed me the menu, in order to show my gentlemanly manners, I can't see to give wood, made a please gesture.
Wood unceremoniously picked up, opened the first page, probably looked, looked at the second page, and then handed the menu to the waiter, said: "the first two pages of the dishes each give me a copy, and then add a litre of blue tide." 
The waiter looked at the wood in amazement and said, "So much, have you eaten?" We don't give up here. "
Wood frowned and said, "You're on it, how do you know we can't eat it?" The waiter agreed and took the menu down.
I asked, "What is the rising tide of the blue sea, is not the name of this restaurant?" 
Muzi said: "You do not know, the blue sea tide is a very famous drink here, the restaurant is also named, so the boss changed the name of the restaurant to blue tide rose." 
It turned out to be this way, I said: "You are very familiar with this ah, is not often here ah." 
Muzi said: "Yes, I used to come, but then the family with all the money spent, can only eat in the school canteen." I asked in surprise, "Do you like it so much?"
I should spend all your money on food. Although I love to eat, but not to her this point.
"Yeah, eating is my biggest hobby, especially your human food, which is fantastic, " said Mr. Mu, laughing. 
"We humans?" You're not human! "
Wood seems to feel his own mouth, angry: "You are not a person, hate, to eat only, you ask so much to do not give up money ah." 
I immediately surrendered and said, "Okay, well, well, I don't ask." 
Wait for the dishes come up, I know why the waiter just blinded us to eat the appearance, wood ordered dishes, with a table actually can not put down, the waiter pulled another table from the side put half.
I said: "So much ah, waste is not good." 
"Who said it would be wasted, eat quickly, cold is not good to eat, " said the wood. Said to give himself a chopstick of lobster meat, relish edgy eat up.
"It's delicious, it's delicious, it hasn't been eaten for a long time."
Anyway, I spend money, do not eat white do not eat, I pickuped the green blue tide to drink a mouthful, good refreshing feeling, cool juice water instantly penetrated my whole body, cold silk sweet silk, is really good.
began to work hard. Here's the dish is really color, fragrant, taste all, eat I almost even their tongue also swallowed together, it is really delicious, the wood is quite good to pick a place, the food in front of us constantly sweep.
Half an hour passed, I have a dozen empty plates in front of me, the food here is really very good, is the best meal I have eaten in life, I am satisfied to pat their stomach, a breath, look to the wood.
Wow, no, she's still eating, she's too strong, there's not a lot of empty plates in front of her, and I remember she had a dish to me just now.
I foolishly picked up a napkin and handed it over and said, "You eat slowly."
Don't be hold back. The wood took the napkin and put a wipe on his mouth. Vaguely said: "You eat ah, I am not polite." 
I looked at her in a maze until the order was completely wiped out by her.
The wood grew a breath, wiped his mouth, satisfied said: "Good stick oh, a long time did not eat so comfortable." 
I said: "You are really strong, I am a gambit down the wind, eat so much, your stomach will not rise?" 
Muzi petite said: "will not rise ah, My digestive system is very good, in addition, eat is not a lot." Waiter, give me two more oiled dragon meat, one blue whale fin, two desserts, two ice cream. "
Listening to her order ingres supla, I quickly said: "I'm full, don't eat." 
The wood white i looked at, said: "You do not eat, I also want to eat ah, I am to give myself some." 
I watched her wipe out a bunch of food, the wood patted alone, said: "Happy oh, very good, check out, I do not eat." 
I secretly wiped the cold sweat, she finally did not eat.
I called the waiter and told her to check out, and soon, the waiter came over with the bill and smiled and said, "Sir, there are 103 diamond coins, 4 gold coins and 8 silver coins." 
I exclaimed, "What, robbery?" It's so much. "
No wonder the wood asked me to bring more money and was slaughtered.
Wood said on the side: "Wow, so much ah, I used to have a meal about 70 diamond coins, let you break the cost Oh." 
What else can I say, from the space bag took the amethyst card handed to the waiter, the waiter respectfully picked it up, said: "You are using the amethyst card ah, then we give you a 20% discount, you wait." I felt a little more comfortable listening to her.
Muzi said: "With this what what card so good ah, can also discount, I also want to do a." 
I have decided, in the future try not to invite wood to eat, I rice bucket name to let her.
The wood suddenly looked at me poorly.
I asked, "What's going on?" 
Wood said shyly: "I can no longer want a litre of blue tide to bring back to the afternoon to drink, drink well, as long as five diamond coins just." 
I suddenly feel a whirlwind, mouth should say: "Okay, whatever you." 
How to rise from the blue tide I can not remember, when I consciously, has returned to the classroom to start the afternoon class.
The wood stung me and said, "What do you want, so into God." Do you want to drink a little blue tide rise, too. "
I said, "Oh, I didn't think about anything."
Drink it yourself. "
A female classmate in front of the wood turned to the wood and said, "What do you drink, there is a smell of fragrance." 
The girl said, "Wow, it's the rising tide of the blue tide, I've heard of it, it's very expensive, you're rich." 
Muzi pointed to me, said: "I am not rich, is a long bow to buy, give you some." 
The girl's envious whisper said to Muzi: "He is very good to you, long and handsome, magic is also quite strong, you are really good luck." 
The wood side-handed, said: "You like, let it go for you." 
What they said in front of me, I just listened in silence, heard this sentence, I suddenly angry: "Wood, what do you say." 
Wood turned his head, said: "I did not promise to be your girlfriend, what murder." 
I was suddenly said to her speechless, yes, she really did not promise me anything, it seems that my diamond coins white, I smiled bitterly, lying on the table without talking.
I don't know why, my heart hurts.
I don't know if it's because I drank the blue tide I bought, that girl is really good, finally said a favorable to me: "Wood, how do you say he ah, your words are hurtful Oh." 
Finally stay up to class, my head also did not return the first rushed out of the classroom, the mood is unusually yin.
Not far away, i met Mark, Mark's face full of joy to pull me, said: "Boss, great, we succeeded." 
I asked, "Success, what succeeds." 
Mark said strangely, "Boss, what's wrong with you? Of course, the cooperation was successful, today Mr. Di went to the Prince's Palace to find my father, they talked all morning, finally reached an agreement, in the afternoon they went together to find three other our side of the magic tutor, Long teacher does not count, the remaining two magic tutors are our dean and vice-president also agreed to support the father. "That's good news, " I said. " 
Mark said: "My father said it would be better to avoid unnecessary conflict and they had decided to go to the Duke of Tei and the three families tomorrow to negotiate. I said, "So fast." 
Mark went on: "My father wanted to ask you to go with me, but Mr. Cody said, You are our secret weapon, can't let the other side know." 
I said, "I'm a secret weapon." Wait for their good news tomorrow, I'll go back to the dormitory. "
Mark said, "Boss, what's wrong with you today, what's going to happen, how to get out and have a good meal." 
Also eat, I hurriedly waved: "No, no, or wait for everything to be settled and then celebrate it, today do not know why, I feel particularly tired, I went back to rest." 
Mark said, "Well, I won't bother you. "
I said goodbye to Mark, back to his dormitory, lying in bed, the heart is choppy, why do I feel heartache for the wood, i really love her. No, certainly not, she has nothing good, neither beautiful nor gentle. Although the mouth said so, but the figure of the wood always lingers before my eyes.
Early in the morning, I got up, the activity of the movement, running a change of war tiger big brother taught me to ascend the dragon duel gas, fighting gas recently unknowingly have some into the outstanding stage, I tried, has barely floated from the ground, fighting gas from the foot gushing out, very fast, although I can only adhere to 5 minutes, But still let me surprise abnormal, I can finally fly pull. That's great.
The mood is better than yesterday, I came to the classroom, is the old man's class, I sit in my seat, look not to look at the wood.
The old man said: "Students, the following we started the class, yesterday's test results have come out, overall good, we all passed, but some people used improper means."
Clearly is said to me, anyway, also passed, ignore him.
The wood stung me on the side, whispering, "How, still angry?" 
I said faintly: "No ah, why should I be angry, you said very right, I am not you who, with what to lose your temper with you." 
Muzi said: "You are very stingy." 
I said, "I'm mean, you just ate more than 80 diamond coins yesterday." 
Wood blushed, said: "Then you do not mean, today at noon we still go there to eat, how." 
Also go, no, eat like this, with less than a month I will dump the family.
I said, "No, I can't eat." 
The big eyes of the wood lit up, the moment and the gloom went down, faintly said: "or not to go, will ask you to break a lot of fees." I don't know why, I have this bad habit, is love to eat. "
Her poor look in my eyes, my heart moved a bit, sad said: "This is not a bad thing ah, and do not steal and do not rob, is not to eat something, noon we go, don't be unhappy." 
Clear tears in the eyes of the wood turned and turned, said to me: "Long bow, you are very good, thank you, that noon we eat what." At the last sentence, her eyes lit up again.
I can't help but laugh darkly, but I have to be generous and say, "Whatever you pull, you want to eat what we eat." 
"Long live," said Muzi. "
Although also want to break the fee do not know how many diamond coins, but surprisingly, my mood is actually better.
I whispered: "Do you want to be my girlfriend, I take you every day to eat good things Oh." 
Wood looked at me and said, "Is there anything good to eat every day?" 
I said, "Yeah." 
Muzi said: "Well, be your girlfriend for the time being, but you can count your words." 
I patted my chest and said, "Of course, the man's big husband, a word." 
It seems that my love letter doesn't work as well as good stuff.
The idea flashed through my mind, and The Wood said, "People have a condition, you have to write me that letter every day." 
Ah, it seems that she also has a girl's vanity, I said: "No problem, today I will write." 
He said he took out the white paper and waved it. Now, my heart is full of feelings for the wood, a love letter like a flow of clouds in general quickly completed. As for the content, of course, can be more meat hemp on more meat mala.
Muzi hi lookated at me to give her love letter, from time to time glance at me, her red-and-red small face can not show the inner shame.
After reading it, she reached over, and I said, "What are you doing?" 
Muzi said: "Give me the previous ones, I know you have put away." 
I said, "Well, in the dorm, I'll give it to you at noon." 
At noon after school, naturally went to the blue tide rise, pain ah pain, although the wood has tried to save my province, but after the fold or spent more than 50 diamond coins, it seems that this goes on, I will one day here to brush the plate.
From the morning Muzi promised to temporarily do my girlfriend, the attitude towards me is obviously different, from time to time show a shy expression, and not as old as before and I dry, my heart is nourishing.
In the afternoon, back to the classroom, the first time wood did not listen carefully, holding the letterS I wrote back and forth, it seems, my love offensive finally got off to a good start.
The wood is finally beginning to accept me.
Soon after school, Muzi said to me: "In the evening together to the canteen to eat." 
I said, "Well, I haven't had dinner with you in the canteen yet." 
After school, we came to the canteen together, people are not many, because some students living in the capital are home to eat at night, we found a clean place, brought food, relish to eat up.
While eating me and asked her: "Wood, you eat so much every day, why not fat ah?" 
Wood glanced at me and said, "Why not be fat, fater than before Oh." I said, "Is it?"
How can I not see, I think you are still a little fat good. "
Just then, a delicate voice passed, "Longbow, you eat here." I looked back and it was the sea.
I asked strangely, "Shouldn't you go home for dinner at night?" How to run the canteen. "
The sea came to me, did not answer my question, frowned at the wood and said: "Long bow, how do you and the wood together ah." Hello, Miko. "
Wood smiled politely and said, "The sea water, it's you, come on, eat together?" 
I wonder why she doesn't know me at all.
The sea put its hand on my shoulder and smiled and said to the wood, "Do you know the long bow very well?" Come here for dinner. "
Muzi said: "Who and he is very familiar ah, we are classmates." 
I frowned and said angrily, "Woody, why are you doing this again, did you not just promise to be my girlfriend this morning?" 
Muzi smiled: "How angry, is the temporary girlfriend Oh." I'm going to test you. "
The sea listened to our words, do not know why, face brush, on the white, the body shook, as if to faint, I hurriedly hold her, said: "Sea water, how do you, not feeling well?"
After sitting down in the sea, he smiled reluctantly and said, "Nothing uncomfortable, long bow, congratulations, chasing sister Muzi." 
I am proud to say: "Thank you, this is the result of my continuous efforts Oh, you do not know how cold she was to me." 
The face of the sea seems to be whiter, I worried about saying: "The sea water, your face is very bad, I help you go back to rest." 
The sea stood up and said, "No, I'll go back to rest, it may be a little hot today, you eat slowly." I'll go first. "
I asked incredulously, "Can you really do it yourself?" 
The sea smiled and said, "It's okay, I can, bye." 
I looked at the back of the sea and said to the wood, "This sea water, what's going on, magicians of our intensity are not easy to get sick." 
Wood pounced on a smile, said: "Are you really silly or false silly, even the blind man see sit because of you so." She was not like an ordinary friend when she was so close to you. "
I said in amazement, "Because of me, how can it be cause d'itane?"
Wood said with his mouth down and said, "People like you, see you and I together and say I am your girlfriend of course sad la." 
I hurriedly said: "Woody, don't get me wrong, I and the sea is only in the intermediate school of magic students, friend relationship pull, I have always looked at her as a sister." 
Muzi said: "I have no misunderstanding, you casually find someone to ask, also know that she likes you this way, in fact, the sea is also very good, she is more beautiful than me, family prominent, with you more suitable Oh." 
I looked down and said, "What do you say, if I like her to go after her early, but I like you." 
After saying this sentence, my heart burst a quiver, just now I said as if it was actually their own inner thoughts, i really love the wood?
Muzi listened to my words, blushed, bowed his head, said: "You whisper, well, don't say this, eat fast." After dinner, I and Muzi in the college for a long time, we rarely talk, I feel she is very comfortable beside me, the heart is also very full.
Good good feeling ah, her hand is very slender white, holding in the hands of soft, real soft as boneless ah.
I understand that I have been irredeemable to like her, revenge that kind of feeling has long been not known to fly there. After sending the wood back to his dormitory, Mark waited for me in the room, and as soon as he saw me, he said, "Boss, you went there, I've been here for half a day." "Oh, I just went to the college and walked up to the academy.
How about today's negotiations? "
"It's not going to be good, it's a chance for both sides," Mark said.
I asked strangely, "Can't we give them in by our strength?" "Give in?"
How, the other side is also the four magic mentors, of course, it will not be so easy to give in, arguing for half a day, finally decided by the trial to decide how to use the future of the Kingdom of Aishar control. "
I frowned: "Compared to the trial, this is too playful, the succession of the country is how important things, how can pass the test decision." 
You think, we afew kingdom is the country of magic, only the magic of the strong people can be respected, the status will be with the degree of magic. If the two sides really fight, that is, the magic craftsman over there will win the final victory, anyway, is also the magician match, it is better by the two sides of the highest level of the magician to test, so as to avoid unnecessary casualties. "
I thought it would really avoid a lot of unnecessary casualties and narrow the whole fight to a local game, saying, "There's a point in saying that." 
Mark smiled and said, "Of course it makes sense, but it was proposed by Mr. Dee."
The president of the earthquake echoed, and discussed half a day before the final set. The winner of the match can get control of the country to lose the party must obey, but win or lose can not again stun the other side of the action.
Originally is The di teacher's doctrine this I am relieved, Di teacher is a very stable person.
I asked Mark, "How can that be compared?" 
Mark said: "Originally, our side proposed three two wins, but their side said unfair, because we have Di teacher and Zhen teacher, ranking than they want to , they proposed five games three wins, because the test is we put forward, so the test method can only listen to them in the end." Three days later at the Royal Biao Secret Test.
I asked, "Am I going to join?" They level so high how round to me. "
Mark smiled and said, "Boss, you're wrong, you're the secret weapon on our side, except for a few people, who knows you're already a mentor now?" You're the candidate for the fifth game, and no matter who they send out and you're trying, you'll be able to win big.
That's why we agreed to win three in five games. "
I thought, also, this method is really good, but the heart has a hidden some wrong. But that's already the case, and I'll take a leave of absence tomorrow.
I patted Mark on the shoulder and said, "Don't worry, I'll do my best, and I'll win the throne for your father." 
Mark gratefully grabbed my hand and said, "Boss, I promise, my father will be a good king." 
I laughed: "Remember your promise Oh, I wait and see." 
Mark said, "I will." "The battle to determine TheIA's fate is about to begin, and I really hope the first four games will be decided, so that I don't have to play.
The next day, I came to the college, with the head teacher asked for leave, may be the earthquake dean confessed to it, silk rain teacher very happy to agree.
I came to the class, because the time is relatively early, the students have not come to Qi, the wood has arrived, I sat down in my seat, said to the wood: "Early, I have something to tell you." 
Muzi smiled and said: "How did you come so early today, usually you are pressed the bell to come. Just say anything. "
I scratched my head and said, "Do I usually come so late? I may not come to class these two days, there are some things to solve. "
Muzi frowned: "What is so important, not even the class." 
I laughed and said, "Don't you want me. "
Wood blushed, said: "Who can't bear you, hate. What the hell is going on? "
I looked at her shy face, said: "very important thing Oh, now do not tell you, wait for me to come back, there should be no danger, you rest assured." 
Muzi said: "Don't say even, you are going to go now?" 
I said: "Yes, now is leaving, I took three days off, three days later must come back, but not to be cheated by other boys, hey hey." 
The wood knocked me on the head and said, "I hate it, I'm going on a date with other little boys, okay?" If you're afraid, you'll stay and supervise me. "
I could see from her look that I was inaforated. I used a very correct tone to the wooden said: "Wood, in fact, I am reluctant to leave you ah, but this thing is too important, you wait for me, don't say more with you, I want to hurry away, goodbye." Having said that, I stood up.
Muzi was silent, said: "Please be safe, come back safe and sound." From her words I heard her as if i knew I was going to do something dangerous.
I nodded without speaking, for fear of leaving, turned out of the classroom, first back to the dormitory to find Mark, and then together back to the Royal Intermediate School of Magic.
Outside Mr. Dee's office, I shouted, "Mr. Dee, I'm back." 
Mr. Dee's kind voice came out of the room: "The long bow is back, come in." 
Into Mr. Dee's office, there were four people in the room, and two old magicians, in addition to Mr. Dee and Mr. Long.
I'm supposed to be the dean and vice president of the Higher School of Magic.
Mark and I bowed at them and said, "Hello teachers." 
Miss Dee has not spoken, the old wizard in a black magic robe said: "You don't have to be more polite, this is a long bow, Lauren, you received a good apprentice ah." 
I looked at Mr. Dee, and Mr. Dee smiled and said, "Longbow, this is the dean of the Royal College of Advanced Magic, the space department of the magic tutor, Chuansong Zhen teacher, last time I gave you a copy of the Magic Array book is he wrote."
I said again: "Good two teachers." 
Zhen teacher said: "Longbow is now in the silk rain which class to study?" 
I replied, "Yes." 
Zhen teacher said: "Long bow these two days we a few old guys to you special training to cope with the big day after tomorrow's game, you also know that it is related to the future fate of our Aisha Kingdom, so we hope you can use these two days to improve themselves, Mark will accept this special training with you, he as a substitute for this competition." You are all the pillars of the country, we are all old, we will see you later. "
Zhen teacher is obviously the representative of several teachers, after all, he has been the first magician on the mainland for 50 years.
Mark and I replied at the same time, "Yes, thank you, teachers for their advice." 
Miss Dee said, "Go, let's go to the yard." 
Coming to the garden, The teacher said: "Lauren and I are in charge of the long bow special training, the star of you and Stie are fire demons mentor you responsible for Mark, let's start now." Mark, long bow, what kind of magic beast do you use now, this race is allowed to use the magic beast. "
I replied, "I'm using small gold, it's a dragon." 
Mark replied, "I'm using an eight-level fire lion." 
Zhen teacher was shocked, said: "Long bow, what do you say, your phantom beast is a dragon?" Get out of it and look at me, Lauren, well, you're hiding from me to get a dragon out of the apprentice. "
I and Mr. Dee looked awkwardly at the eye, "Little Gold, come out." "Golden flash, small gold up to ten feet of a large body appeared on the training ground, a long time did not get it out to play, he looked at so many people, happy to issue a long dragon song. Just as Mark summoned the fire lion, the little gold dragon scared turtle crouched on the side Cersei shivering.
Little gold's dragon horn has been developed completely completed, each dragon horn has three forks, a beautiful gold scale is his solid armor, the belly of five huge dragon claws rowed on the ground appeared a small ditch, the most beautiful is the back of that pair of huge dragon wings, gold glittering beat its huge body. It sent me a message asking me who I was going to attack.
Apart from me, they were shocked, even Di teacher is no exception, Mr. Di said: "Two years do not see, Xiaojin is growing so big." 
Mark said enviously, "Wow, boss, little gold is so beautiful ah." 
"Is this a dragon?" said Mr. Zhen. The breath it emits is so powerful, as if it is not an ordinary dragon. "
The teacher who has not spoken said: "Certainly is not an ordinary dragon, only the dragon king will have gold scales, this dragon at least to be more than 2000 years old, is already an adult dragon." 
I said with a wry smile, "No, it's just over seven years old." 
Mr. Di has woken up from surprise, explained: "This dragon was going to die, it was the long bow sacrificed half of their vitality to save it, so now the age of the dragon has been concentrated to 60 years old, proportionally 7 years old it is equivalent to nearly 2000 years old dragon, of course, will reach adulthood." 
Zhen teacher said: "Longbow actually sacrificed half of their vitality for it?" 
I nodded, emotionally said: "Little Kim is my closest partner, how can I watch it die." Feeling the fluctuations in my mood, XiaoJin will be big head down, a little bit of me.
Zhen teacher shook his head, said: "It is really unthinkable, it seems that there is no need to long bow of this dragon magic beast training, even if I may not be able to play the long bow and small gold joint, this time our hope of victory is mostly." He had already known its strength from the strong breath of Little King.
"Although that's the case, we don't know who they're going to send out in the fifth game, so, longbow, Mark, you two have to make a breakthrough in these two days, because magic is not a short time to improve, so these two days we are mainly practicing your reflection and magic skills, " said Mr. Dee. Okay, Mark, you and the stars, Sp, go over there, long bow, you stay here, we're full of the beginning. "
Mark and two teachers just walked to the other end, zhen teacher on the punch i sent a small sub-cut, really worthy of the mainland's first magician, he issued a small sub-cut strong suction, even stronger than I issued a lot. A small space crack appeared beside me, and the powerful suction suddenly rolled in.
As I was not prepared at all, I was suddenly torn over by a space crack. I just want to fight back, a huge figure blocked in front of me, is small gold, it is as long as 6 feet of the right wing to fight a wave, a roar, a cry, actually put the space cracks to the fight.
Staring at the shock teacher, making a desperate act.
Zhen teacher showed a crying expression, said: "Long bow, first take back your phantom beast." 
I quickly told Xiao Jinzhen teacher is not malicious, and then it was taken back into the body. "I'm going to attack you with Lauren, you have to defend and fight back, we're not going to stay, and you're going to make progress in this situation, " he said. 
That's the way it is, no wonder he's going to attack me suddenly.
I quickly gave myself two light-system defense advanced magic. A faint golden glow shrouded me, and Mr. Dee shouted, "Be careful." A blade of light is like I waved down.
I hurried and waved a light edge up. The "boom" of two light blades in the air collision, forming a sky-old point of light.
I was shocked by three steps, and Miss Dee did not move at all.
The original is so, but also do not allow me to think much, the second yuan cut out of the teacher and The Light cut sword issued by The Di teacher has been whistling over.
Since the scattered force sittinously, I'll use the concentration of good, I will Jindan's magic power split in half, condensed into a golden body ball appears on the left hand.
Then quickly with a short distance instant transfer to avoid the attack of The Di teacher, the small light ball thrown to the earthquake teacher issued a small sub-cut.
Hear the praise of Mr. Di in my heart a happy, left hand to recover the energy ball, the right hand issued a lightsaber to the shock teacher. The lightsaber actually smooth split, I was startled, a closer look, only to find that the original is only a ghost. Zhen teacher had already moved to my back, shouting: "Crazy space." 
I feel as if the surrounding space is distorted and confused, his body is gradually out of their control, out of tearing pain, this is the advanced magic of the space system?
I yelled, the energy ball back to the body, quickly formed a hood with the original defensive magic cloth into a solid defensive array. The twisted feeling had disappeared, but I couldn't breathe with the pressure of the powerful pressure from all sides.
Did I lose so soon? I still have the strength, I will not lose, I am also a mentor.
As I desperately resist the pressure around me, I add magic power to the defensive array, while chanting the mantra "Light elements, great friends, I ask you, to turn your power into endless light, into a little star, to destroy the enemy in front of you."
This is one of my strongest magic, and although the space around me is distorted, it does not prevent the light elements from gathering quickly towards me, and my defenses are more solid as the elements of light converge faster.
The departure of the light star made my pressure greatly increased. I quickly accelerated the magic into the defense, while still controlling the star of light that rushed out. Mr. Di smiled and said to The Zhen teacher, "Come on, be careful, this is the eight-level light magic."
It's not very good. The blockbuster light star rushed past, two old magicians adjusted the shield to the strongest state just ready to withstand the magic attack, the light star suddenly stopped in the air.
This time, I used mental force to control a point where light stars fully attacked two people's defenses, not large areas. The permeable attack is so powerful that even with their defenses it can't resist.
Two teachers of the defense cover has broken, respectively, with a trick to resist the light star's advance, Di teacher used the same light star shine, he just touched the defense cover when he found the wrong, immediately read the spell, although some wolves but still completely blocked my attack.
Zhen teacher can not have such good luck, he is also just encountered with the light star found wrong, but because he also controls the violent space this big magic, so the magic force application is slow some, not to, he only withdrew the force to attack me quickly issued a big sub-cut, although the light star completely packed up, although the light star completely packed up, But his face was also white, apparently a little loss.
I was light, the pressure around it disappeared, although only a few minutes, but my magic power consumption is very amazing, I gasped as I desperately absorbed the elements of light, and strive to restore the strength of the magic force as soon as possible.
Zhen teacher said with a wry smile: "Okay, you boy, just now this magic control is really beautiful, let us both old guys suffer." Mouth said, under the hand is not idle, he no longer use big magic, but constantly waved out one after another small sub-meta cut, Di teacher also with the light edge, forming a magic network to me over.
Bitter, I tried my best to resist.
The attack continued until I was exhausted. As I lay on the ground, I found that Mark was treated the same way not far away.
These four old guys are really tough enough.
I've fainted since I thought of it here.
Wake up when the body is sore and sore, magic force to is restored almost, there is a peak state of about 8 0%.
I got up from the bed and found Mark lying next to me, but he hadn't woken up yet. Several teachers sat down and talked about something.
Miss Dee saw me wake up and said, "Longbow, wake up, come on, eat something first." I got out of bed, moved first, felt much better, ran to the table, and didn't say anything. After dinner, I was satisfied with the belly of the drum beat, and uttered a gratification of satisfaction.
Zhen teacher smiled and said: "You boy can really eat ah, today and we carry out magic to practice how feel." 
I said with a wry smile, "I'm exhausted, what else can I feel." 
Zhen teacher said: "In fact, you should be able to support you for a while now, but you use the magic power of the method is still some lack." Every time you use magic to resist my attack with Lauren there is a lot of waste, now that you know it is not our opponent, you can avoid the sharp, from the side to fight, so you can save a lot of magic. But the star magic you used in the morning was really good, and it cost me and Lauren a little bit.
Avoid the sharp, from the side to fight, I murmured this sentence, my eyes lit up, said: "That is to say, try to swim, do not conflict with you head-on to consume your magic?" 
The teacher nodded and said, "The mule can teach, the mule can teach." 
I seem to have some hazy feeling in my heart, but not very clear, I said: "two teachers, let's do it again." I've been interested in them, they won't really hurt me anyway, and this opportunity to improve my strength is very rare.
"Have you regained your magic power?" said Mr. Zhen in surprise. "
Say to the corner to sit down on the knee, relax the body, greedy absorption of the surrounding elements of light. I find that every time I fight a lot of hard work, my magic gathers a little faster than before.
Do not know how long after, I am warm, the body's magical power has the feeling of exhaling, eyebrowjin as if more solid than the original. I opened my eyes and stretched out my slack, and several of the teachers were out of the house.
Mr. Di looked at me and said, "It's a time! It's been a night before you wake up."
Just hit it, I stood cautiously opposite them, and the two teachers started their magic attack, as yesterday, are intermediate magic, but because their magic control and magic intensity are very high, so yesterday I resisted very hard.
Di teacher a light chopping over, I quickly flashed away, can shock teacher's a small sub-meta-cut long ago waiting on the side, I thought to 'avoid the sharp, From the side of the hit' this sentence, the heart moved, and did not use magic to resist, to apply a defensive magic to themselves, and then with the fight to the ground, the body suddenly changed direction to fly out, escaped the first attack.
I still have fighting ah, how to forget, I will fight and light elements in the arm fusion, the power of the combination of fighting and magic, although powerful but condensing speed is slower.
I use a combination of fighting spirit and short-distance instant transfer, like a fish in the two teachers in the magic gap middle east hiding Tibet, the earthquake teacher while sending magic while saying: "short distance instant transfer with good, be careful, we have to use big magic." 
Zhen teacher and Di teacher to look at, both began to read the spell of high-level magic, my heart smile, but also wait for you to finish the spell?
I shake the arm a golden and white light through the arm, straight to the shock teacher flew past, hey hey, Di teacher is after all, my teacher is my teacher how to be polite some!
Zhen teacher thought I could not send out magic, suddenly saw me issue a light and shadow also did not carefully identify, issued a small sub-yuan to win up.
"When the small sub-met a collision with my magic fight, the earthquake teacher has found that it is not good, after all, he is the first wizard of the mainland, immediately put three layers of wall protection to himself and make a short-distance instant transfer to the rear. roared. "
A loud noise, the shock teacher appeared in a hundred meters away, gray face, a faint blood from the corner of the mouth.
I have no time to care about his old people, because Mr. Dee's attack magic has been completed, but because he left a person to attack me, to resist it will be much easier, but, I can not defend it?
Mr. Di used the light system seven levels of magic light thunder, this magic I use very little, because the control of it is not ideal. Mr. Di sent out nine light mines to surround me, forming a simple array, so that I could not escape through a short distance of instant transfer, and then each light mine exploded in turn to form a powerful attack force.
This all-round magic I can not hide, can only be hard, I have no time to use big magic, only to apply a multi-layer of low-level defense magic on the body, and then the fight into the shield, how much can be fused is how much it.
Again, "boom" sound, I was Di teacher's magic high throw up, the defense cover was completely blown out, but also I mixed part of the fight, will be reduced to the lowest, but still can not avoid squirting a mouthful of blood, I quickly added to myself a dollar-in-the-body recovery, restore his body, and then the whole God ready to deal with The next attack of The Di teacher.
As a light enemy, the earthquake teacher this time was not light earthquake injury.
Mr. Di and I both took back the magic of ready to continue the attack, and I was embarrassed to run over to help the teacher and say, "You're all right, you're too strong, I have to give my all." 
Zhen teacher shook his head, said: "Don't blame you, blame myself, here today, I want to quickly heal the injury, tomorrow will be the game, Mark they also practice for a while also almost." The injury is still very easy to treat for The Zhen teacher, mainly he is to his own Teacher Andi and other zhen teacher snorted after i asked: "You just used the last time you said to me that the magic fighting combination of the attack method." 
I nodded and said, "Yeah, it's good, but it's a bit slower." 
Mr. Di said: "It's really good, you have to make good changes, there will be a lot of use in the future." I nodded yes.
Mr. Di said, "Well, come here today, go, let's go back and have something to eat, rest and rest, and we'll play tomorrow." 
The next day, Mark and I followed four teachers to the Prince's residence, the Prince personally welcomed out, he gratefully said: "Thank you for your support, today is all you." 
Mr. Zhen smiled and said, "Your Royal Highness is not polite, we are not entirely for you, only hope that after success you will be a good emperor." 
The Prince nodded firmly and said, "You can rest assured that I will not let the teachers down." 
The venue of the game is set at the Royal Biwu Stadium, which is very broad, and has the ancient magic array guard, the venue is unusually solid will not be easily damaged.
The Prince led us with 100 pro-guards to the Royal Biwu Field, the game is very secret, so only the core of the two sides know.
The Prince said: "This time, please the kingdom's grand sacrifice to be the referee, if there would be so many magic master game, really please not to move his old people." 
I wondered who Mr. Di was, and Mr. Di told me that he had a transcendent position in the kingdom, would never take sides, and that the great sacrifices of the various sacrifices of the whole country were all his disciples, and that there were countless believers in the kingdom, if he wanted to turn the kingdom into his own, it would be easy, Fortunately, he has only the ability to be occupied but not the power of life, Di teacher said that the sacrifice is a very kind and a person, no one knows how old he is, and no one ever saw him angry, this time can invite him to preside over the test can make both sides at ease. I stared at the sacrificial sacrifice, he always closed his eyes, ignored the noise below, the strange sacrifice, he wore a black robe, holding a wooden crutch, cane with a red gem, flashing the same luster.
I thought: I didn't think that Aisya still has such a strong person, at this time the other side of the people also came, there are only 100 people, see that most of the people are the Royal Wizards.
For the first five people, the front of a wearing a brocade robe, medium-sized thin, looks 50-year-old look, look cold, as if nothing to do with him. If I guess, he should be the other's Duke of Tei, because he is next to the four men with magic canes, must be the patriarch of the three families and the head of the Royal Wizards, DunYu Yu.
Dunyu Tuan is the tute-troll tutor should be the left-hand wearing the earth-yellow magic robe, how can he also and the great sacrifice, closed eyes, cool?
However, the magic cane on his hand looks very advanced and should be dedicated to the earth.
The elders of the sun, moon and star three are better identified, because their clothes are embroidered with the sun, moon and stars, it is very interesting, that wearing the sun robe is the cool day of the grandfather Sifeng Day, looks very gloomy.
We also took the Prince as the representative of the same five people to welcome up.
The Duke opened his mouth, saying, "Hello, Your Royal Highness, we are late." 
The Prince smiled and said, "The Duke is not polite, we came a little earlier. Now that both sides are together, let's get started. "
The Duke of Tei sank and said, "Well, let today decide the fate of the kingdom." 
A hoarse voice came over, "Are you all ready?" 
The Prince and the Duke of Tei bowed at the same time and said, "Yes, the great sacrifice, please allow us to begin the trial." 
The sacrificial sacrifice slightly sighed, glanced at the crowd, said: "This test is no way, I hope you both do not take too heavy, you are the kingdom's meritorious and talent, the kingdom in the future will also be you to support, a few days ago I night stargazing found that in the near future human catastrophe, You must keep your strength to cope with the unknown. Do you understand?
